{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 26th July 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1171\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql THE SHERQ CENTRE OF EXCELLENCE \'28PTY\'29 LTD\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Banking \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 130\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Mezzanine level JSE Building\line 17 diagonal street\line Newtown \line Johannesburg \line 2001\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Sherq Centre of Excellence \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and does not have programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Banking which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 28th of September 2022 and HEQC meeting held on the 4th of November 2022.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1.1 The credits for the \'27Introduction to Economics\'27 module must be increased to at least ten credits. The total credits for the programme \'2F qualification are not clearly stated in all relevant documentation.\line 1.2 All the module names do not correspond with the module names included in the accreditation application.\line 1.3 The Institution does not distinguish between vertical and horizontal articulation possibilities\'2C and did not indicate specific\'2C credible articulation options.\line 1.4 The module outcomes\'3A \'28as\'29 most start with \'27demonstrate\'27 or \'27students should demonstrate...\'27. The outcomes have to be in line with the skills to be acquired and the module purpose.\line 1.5 The Institution\'27s reading list does not reflect all the information required\'2C namely authors\'2C titles and dates of edition. Outdated prescribed textbooks and recommended readings must be replaced.\line 2.1 The Institution did not provide enrolment planning for at least three years.\line 2.2 The 10\'25 rule is not included in the RPL and CAT Policy.\line 2.3 The articulation possibilities indicated in the programme brochure do not reflect the recommendations made under criterion 1 above.\line 3.1 The Institution did not clarify why it assigned three lecturers to the \'27Ethics and Compliance in Financial Services\'27 module.\line 3.2 The programme coordinator holds a Diploma qualification and it is not indicated in which discipline this Diploma is.\line 3.3 Different staff members are identified for the position of programme coordinator \'28see the supporting evidence\'2C organogram\'2C and study guide\'29.\line 3.4 The Institution did not \'28include\'29 the CVs of all the administrative and support staff\'2C or a recruitment plan was not submitted.\line 4.1 The Institution did not provide clear detail on student support measures\'2C including the psychological well-being of students and the life skills development programme. In addition to the above-mentioned reason\'2C in the application the Institution allocates 20\'25 of learning time for tutorials in criterion 1.5\'2C but this is not explicitly elaborated in criterion 5.3. However\'2C their focus is only on feedback.\line 4.2 A budget must be submitted for the programme.\line 5.1 The term of appointment of external moderators was not provided.\line 5.2 The turnaround time for feedback on assessment was not submitted.\line 5.3 The provision of two assessment policies was not explained.\line 6.1 The Institution\'27s relationship with Future Banker and use of its site is not clear.\line 6.2 A full and detailed overview of all infrastructure and library resources was not provided as well as the applicable budgets and development opportunities for library staff.\line 6.3 A recent and valid Health and Safety Certificate was not submitted.\line 6.4 A valid lease agreement must be provided.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line \'28i\'29 The Institution should refrain from using acronyms in its documentation without prior clarification\'2C e.g. \'22ETD\'22 used in the Staff Selection\'2C Appraisal and Development Policy.\line \'28ii\'29 Staff qualifications should be verified by the South African Qualifications Authority\'2C e.g. the Diploma qualification of the programme coordinator.\line \'28iii\'29 The Institution must make use of two signatures on certificates awarded to students. \line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The SHERQ Centre of Excellence submitted an application for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Banking. The programme was not accredited for various reasons\'2C including programme design and staffing concerns. The Institution has submitted a representation in respect of the non-accreditation. The evaluator is of the view that the Institution has provided sufficient evidence to address most of the concerns and recommends that the programme is accredited. The Directorate does not support the recommendation of the evaluator. Given the uncertainty about the relationship with Future Banker\'2C and specifically the intellectual property of the content in the registered qualifications that will be used as part of the programme\'2C the Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line The programme design was flawed\'2C and the total credits for the qualification was not clear. The Institution was informed to review the credits for \'27Introduction to Economics\'27\'3A\line The Institution has revised all the relevant documents to ensure consistency. The credits for the module\'2C Introduction to Economics\'2C have been increased to ten credits and the total credits for the qualification are clearly stated as 130 in all the relevant documentation. \line \line All the module names did not correspond with the module names included in the accreditation application\'3A\line The Institution has revised all the relevant documents and ensured a consistent naming convention across all the modules that make up this learning programme. The correct names of all the modules have been listed in the documents that were attached to the representation and are consistent with the module names included in the accreditation application.\line \line The Institution did not distinguish between vertical and horizontal articulation possibilities\'2C and did not indicate specific\'2C credible articulation options\'3A\line In the representation\'2C the Institution did distinguish between vertical and horizontal articulation\'2C but did not provide applicable possibilities for horizontal and vertical articulation to cognate higher education programmes. The evaluator indicated that the Institution did not provide sufficient evidence to address this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The module outcomes did not seem appropriate. The outcomes have to be in line with the skills to be acquired and the module purpose\'3A\line The evaluator indicated that the learning outcomes have been revised and adapted in line with the feedback from the HEQC. The revised module outcomes are now more in line with the skills to be acquired and the purpose of the respective modules\'2C and include a variety of instructions such as explain\'2C identify\'2C calculate\'2C describe\'2C differentiate\'2C summarise\'2C etc. The Institution has addressed this concern.\line \line The reading list did not reflect all the information required\'2C namely authors\'2C titles and dates of edition. Outdated prescribed textbooks and recommended readings had to be replaced\'3A\line The evaluator indicated that the list of prescribed textbooks and recommended readings has been updated\'2C and reflects all the information required\'2C such as the authors\'2C titles\'2C and editions. A SABINET service agreement for access to electronic journals was signed on 28 May 2020 and attached.\line \line The Institution did not provide enrolment planning for at least three years\'3A\line In the representation\'2C a basic enrolment plan for three years has been provided. The evaluator finds the enrolment plan acceptable.\line \line The 10\'25 rule was not included in the RPL and CAT Policy\'3A\line The Student Recruitment\'2C Admission and Registration Policy has been revised and attached. The 10\'25 rule has been included in the Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 Policy. The Institution will ensure that no more than 10\'25 of the cohort of students will be admitted into the programme via a RPL process. In terms of the revised Credit Accumulation and Transfer \'28CAT\'29 Policy\'2C the student must have scored 50\'25 and above for the CAT modules and the student must complete 50\'25 of the qualification at the SHERQ Centre of Excellence.\line \line The articulation possibilities indicated in the programme brochure did not reflect the recommendations made under criterion 1 above\'3A\line The programme brochure has been revised and updated\'2C and reflects both the horizontal and vertical articulation possibilities mentioned under criterion 1 above. It is important to note that\'2C although the possibilities for articulation have been updated and align with the information in criterion 1\'2C it is not necessarily accurate information. The opportunities for articulation need improvement and must be updated to reflect appropriate articulation possibilities at higher education level.\line \line The Institution did not clarify why it assigned three lecturers to the \'27Ethics and Compliance in Financial Services\'27 module\'3A The SHERQ Centre has clarified the concern and assigned a suitably qualified lecturer to each module.\line \line The programme coordinator holds a Diploma qualification and it was not indicated in which discipline this Diploma is. Different staff members were identified for the position\'3A \line The representation and supporting evidence confirmed that the programme coordinator holds a Bachelor of Education Honours\'2C which was obtained from UNISA. The evaluator is of the view that the programme coordinator is suitably qualified for the role. The Directorate acknowledges that an Honours qualification may be acceptable but questions the field of expertise of the programme coordinator. The Institution has not demonstrated that the programme coordinator is suitably qualified to coordinate a programme focused on Banking.\line \line The Institution did not submit the CVs of all the administrative and support staff\'2C nor was a recruitment plan submitted\'3A \line The evaluator confirmed that the CVs of the administrative team were submitted with the representation. The Institution indicated that there was no need to recruit additional staff at this stage. The programme will be reviewed at the end of the pilot roll-out to determine if there is a need for additional staff in the subsequent roll-out of the programme. \line \line The Institution did not provide clear detail on student support measures\'2C including the psychological well-being of students and the life skills development programme\'3A\line The Institution has submitted the institutional At-Risk Learner Policy that includes detail on student support mechanisms. Emotional support for students is specified in the policy. The evaluator indicates that the concerns have been addressed.\line \line The Institution allocated 20\'25 of learning time for tutorials in criterion 1.5\'2C but this was not an integral part of the Teaching and Learning Strategy\'3A\line In the representation\'2C the Institution clarified the 20\'25 learning time for tutorials\'2C and provided examples to substantiate the use of tutorials in the programme. The Institution has addressed the concern.\line \line A budget had to be submitted for the programme\'3A\line The evaluator indicated that a detailed budget for the programme\'2C with the costing having been done on 10 January 2023\'2C was attached.\line \line The Assessment Strategy did not meet minimum standard and\'2C in the representation\'2C the Institution provided information to address the concerns\'3A \line The term of appointment of external moderators was not provided\'3A\line The representation explained that external moderators are appointed on a service level agreement \'28SLA\'29 basis which generally runs for contract periods of 2-year cycles. An example of an SLA has been attached to the representation.\line \line The turnaround time for feedback on assessment was not submitted\'3A\line The representation revealed that the turnaround time on assessment feedback is a maximum of four \'284\'29 weeks. Students are provided with the assessments together with a written feedback report\'2C as well as the opportunity to discuss the report with the lecturer. The evaluator is of the view that all these actions allow the students to clearly understand what the shortcomings in their submissions are.\line \line The provision of two assessment policies was not explained\'3A\line The Institution explained why two documents were submitted\'2C and clearly indicated that it was two different documents. The purpose for each document was explained\'2C and the evaluator deemed this acceptable.\line \line The Institution\'27s relationship with Future Banker and use of its site was not clear\'3A\line It is explained in the representation \'28and CIPRO document\'29 that the SHERQ Centre of Excellence \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is the holding company. It is furthermore stated that \'27Future Banker\'27 refers to a product the Institution offers. Future Banker includes a range of learning programmes \'2F courses against registered qualifications aimed at the financial services sector. These learning programmes \'2F courses are compliant with the Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services \'28FAIS\'29 Act. The Directorate does not support the evaluator\'27s view in terms of the use of Future Banker. It is not evident that the programme and courses that underpin Future Banker are the intellectual property of SHERQ. Also note that smaller registered qualifications cannot be clustered together to form a Higher Certificate. SHERQ\'E2\'80\'99s relationship with Future Banker has not been clarified\'2C and the intellectual property of the content in the programme has not been verified.\line \line A full and detailed overview of all infrastructure and library resources was not provided as well as the applicable budgets and development opportunities for library staff\'3A\line The representation substantiated students\'E2\'80\'99 access to SABINET. The evaluator is of the view that the Institution has provided evidence of suitable and adequate library resources.\line \line A recent and valid Health and Safety Certificate was not submitted\'3A\line A valid Occupational Health and Safety Certificate was submitted with the representation.\line \line A valid lease agreement had to be provided\'3A\line The lease agreement between SHERQ and Hostprops 85 \'28Pty\'29 Ltd was submitted with the representation.\line \line The notes to the Institution were acknowledged\'2C and the relevant changes were made to institutional documents\'2C and all staff CVs and certified qualifications were submitted with the representation\'2C as requested by the HEQC. \line \line The evaluator concluded that the Institution has provided sufficient evidence in the representation and clarified the concerns in terms of non-accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Banking. However\'2C the Directorate does not support the recommendation by the evaluator. There is uncertainty about the relationship with Future Banker\'2C and specifically the intellectual property of the content that will be used as part of the programme. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is not accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Banking  \'28NQF Level 5\'2C 130 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 The relationship with Future Banker has not been clarified.\line \line 1.2 The Institution did not provide suitable possibilities for horizontal and vertical articulation to cognate higher education programmes. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The Institution has not demonstrated that the programme coordinator is suitably qualified to coordinate a programme focused on Banking.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}