{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 24th February 2021\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-reaccreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR096\'2FE003CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Cornerstone Institute \'28RF\'29 NPC\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Business Leadership\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Other \'28specify\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A  \'2F Part-time\'3A two\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 4th floor\'2C Roggebaai Square\'2C Foreshore\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8000\line \line 1 Cedar Street\'2C Milnerton Rural\'2C Western Cape\'2C 7441\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line BACKGROUND\line Cornerstone Institute \'28CI\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution \'28PHEI\'29 and is accredited to offer programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is registered to offer the following programmes at its site located in Cape Town\'3A Fourth Floor\'2C 2 Roggebaai Square\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8000 \'28DHET Register 21 September 2021\'29\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Community Development \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29\line 2. Higher Certificate in Interior Design and Decoration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \line 3. Higher Certificate in Community Counselling \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \line 4. Higher Certificate in Christian Ministry \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120 Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \line 5. Higher Certificate in Business Studies \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120- Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \line 6. Higher Certificate in Business Leadership \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120- Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \line 7. Postgraduate Certificate in Education Foundation Phase Teaching \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 120- Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \line 8. Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching \'28PGCEIP\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 120- Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'28Previous name\'3A Advanced Diploma in Intermediate Phase Teaching\'29 \line 9. Bachelor of Arts \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \line 10. Bachelor of Theology in Community Leadership \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \line 11. Bachelor of Theology in Community Leadership \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \line 12. Bachelor of Commerce \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \line 13. Bachelor of Arts Honours Psychology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 8\'2C 120- Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \line 14. Bachelor of Arts Honours in Community Development \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 8\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29\line \line The Higher Certificate in Business Leadership \'28HEQSF-aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR096\'2FE003CAN\'29 was initially submitted for accreditation in 2009. It was accredited with three short-term conditions by the meeting of the HEQC Board held 2nd December following a recommendation by the Accreditation Committee at a meeting held 26 and 27 August 2009 \'28CHE Letter 11 December 2009\'29. \line \line The programme was submitted for evaluation under the 2019 Reaccreditation cycle. It served at the meeting of the Accreditation Committee held on 3 and 4 June 2020 and the HEQC meeting held 16th July 2020. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the accreditation of the programme be withdrawn for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The Institution states that students will gain knowledge of Psychology\'2C Sociology\'2C Philosophy and Leadership Studies on completion of their studies. However\'2C these disciplines do not form part of the curriculum. Thus\'2C the programme purpose\'2C module outcomes and content selection do not cohere.\line 2. The practice of offering the same subject at different levels of complexity and with different credit loadings within the same qualification is unjustified.\line 3. Conflicting representations in mode of delivery make it impossible to accurately evaluate the teaching and learning strategy\line 4. The absence of a mechanism for addressing internal quality failures\'2C especially in respect of programme development and delivery is evident\line 5. No retention and throughput data were provided. Reference to DHET submissions are unacceptable as the onus is on the institution to provide such data directly to the CHE.\line The Institution was afforded an opportunity to submit a representation. An evaluation of the response follows.\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line SUMMARY OF THE EVALUATOR\'E2\'80\'99S REPORT\line The Evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the recommendation of the HEQC not to accredit the programme and the representation made and concluded that the programme should not be accredited as the concerns raised by the HEQC have not been addressed.\line The Evaluator remarked that the Institution was required to comment on various aspects related to the Programme Design\'2C but this was not done as the Institution is requesting another opportunity to submit a representation.  In reviewing the documents\'2C the Evaluator noted that the mode of delivery should not be contact as students must use computers and must have access to the internet to successfully complete this programme. The Institution appealed for this programme not to be withdrawn\'2C but since there are so many aspects to be reviewed and renewed\'2C the evaluator recommended that a completely new submission must be submitted for accreditation.  \line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was indicated that there was no discernible difference between the Higher Certificate in Business Studies and the Higher Certificate in Business Leadership and that there was no alignment of purpose\'2C NQF-level\'2C outcomes and curricula. In addition\'2C the understanding of Leadership in a business context cannot be at entrance level for this qualification. In the representation\'2C Cornerstone Institute indicated that the target market is a group of mature students who have small business experience but did not have the opportunity to study.  The Institution submitted an appeal letter\'2C requesting an additional opportunity to offer a more substantial representation in this regard.  The evaluator\'2C however\'2C noted that the target market explained in this response differs from the target market explained in the original application\'2C where it is indicated that schools will be visited as this programme targets school leavers as well.  No new information has been provided\'2C and the reason for non-accreditation has not been addressed.\line \line The HEQC recommendation had also pointed out that the Institution had indicated that the critical core of the programme was Psychology\'2C Sociology\'2C Philosophy and Leadership Studies at a basic an intermediate level\'2C and critical citizenship\'2C but the curriculum supplied did not support these claims.  Cornerstone Institute has responded by stating that it was never intended to purport that the student will gain functional knowledge in these different disciplines.  The purpose of the statement is to describe the goal and how it is reflected in programme content and explained how various modules integrate these concepts.  The Institution claimed that this approach was aligned to the Teaching and Learning Policy.  Evidence that was submitted to address this reason\'2C included module outlines.  The module outlines indicate that moral leadership is integrated in the module offering\'2C although it is not part of the module description. The Evaluator\'2C however\'2C found that the reason for non-accreditation has not been resolved.\line \line The HEQC had also noted that\'2C although the Institution mentioned that the work of lecturers who do not submit module outlines on time impacts on quality management\'2C no measures to manage the risks associated with this for either alignment to programme purpose\'2C or assessment were indicated. In their response\'2C Cornerstone Institute indicated that there are policies which direct processes of assessment and moderation\'2C assessment practices\'2C recording of results etc.  These policies were submitted for review.  The Evaluator\'2C however\'2C noted that many of these policies were dated 2014 with a review date indicated as 2017 but no updated policies were included. A review of the policies revealed several shortcomings. The Assessment Policy implies that all formative assessments will be done online and all feedback will also be provided online. The reasons this is a concern\'2C are\'3A\line \'28a\'29 because the mode of delivery is contact and \line \'28b\'29 access to computer facilities is not mentioned in marketing and recruitment material. \line \line The Teaching and Learning policy outlines the teaching approach.  In reviewing this Policy as well as the original application\'2C teaching and learning activities appear to be 55\'25 self- study\'2C minimal lecturing \'28face-to-face time\'29\'2C and none of the learning activities are indicated as contact mode\'2C which implies that this mode of delivery is distance.  It is noted in the Attendance and Assignment submission policy that 70\'25 attendance of classes is required in order to pass the module. It is not clear how this will be calculated and monitored and what the consequences would be if a student fails to attend classes\'2C as a student is assessed on assessment criteria\'2C of which class attendance is not one of them.  The Evaluator concluded that there are policies and systems in place to monitor quality. Additional concerns were noted regarding the content of these policies\'2C but this was not the concern raised by the HEQC. \line The HEQC had furthermore indicated that detail relating to the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s facilities and resources was not current as a result\'2C it was not possible to determine whether the current infrastructural capacity for the delivery of the programme was in place. The Institution explained that in terms of its computer systems they have two platforms and a standard operating procedure to manage programme information.  Microsoft Access is the academic administrative system and FUNDA is the Learning Management System. Access is restricted and changes may only be made upon formal approval. Students can access the system by using their own unique login details.  Remote lectures are conducted via Funda and students also do various assessments on this platform. Students may use the campus wi-fi\'2C campus computer facilities or they may bring their own devices. Lectures and support staff may also use this system to identify non-active and at-risk students. The library is well resourced\'2C and students can access EBSCO Host which is a database package. There are 6 lecture rooms \'28with a student capacity of 50 students\'2C except one room which has capacity for 18 \'E2\'80\'93 24 students\'29.  The evaluator remarked that the response of the Institution is very focused on online systems and online support\'2C which once again\'2C emphasizes the fact that this mode of delivery is not contact as it leans more towards distance learning with technologically enhanced support.  Students will spend more time outside the classroom and online\'2C and that probably explains the focus on technology.  \line \line The Directorate supports the recommendation of the evaluator that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Business Leadership \'28NQF Level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C Other \'28specify\'29 mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not reaccredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-reaccreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1 The Institution\'27s understanding in a business context cannot be at entrance level for this qualification. The content and assessment do not support the use of Leadership in the title.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2 There is no discernible difference between the Higher Certificate in Business Studies and the Higher Certificate in Business Leadership and there is no alignment of purpose\'2C level\'2C outcomes and curricula in the two programmes.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3 In reviewing the documents\'2C the mode of delivery should not be contact as students must use computers and must have access to the internet to successfully complete this programme which is more aligned with distance education. The use of computers in programme delivery is not mentioned in the marketing and recruitment material \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\'2C2\'2C5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4 The modules in the programme do not have sufficient theoretical depth\'2C and over time\'2C there were changes to module names and credit values.  As a result\'2C modules are no longer aligned with the correct NQF level\'2C credits\'2C purpose and outcomes.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5 The curriculum supplied does not support the claim that the critical core of the programme is Psychology\'2C Sociology\'2C Philosophy and Leadership Studies at a basic and intermediate level\'2C and critical citizenship\'2C except for aspects of leadership.  \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6 Various policies were submitted but many of them lack detail and should be updated.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\'2C 6 \'26 13\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}