{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 15th August 2012\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Deferred application\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR551\'2FE012CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Boston City Campus \'28Pty\'29 Ltd \'28Previously Boston City Campus and Business College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Public Relations\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 402\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Joint Head Office\'3A\line \line 247 Louis Botha Avenue\line Orchards\line Johannesburg\line 2192\line \line 19 Electron Avenue\line Cap du Mont Building\line Techno Park\line Stellenbosch\line 7600\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Boston City Campus and Business College is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a higher education provider and is accredited to offer higher education programmes by the HEQC.\line \line The Diploma in Public Relations programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting of 22 and 23 February 2012 and was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The design is flawed. There is no coherent structure for the programme. There is no knowledge progression. The first year of a Diploma should provide knowledge for progression in a three-year programme while the related HC should be a stand-alone programme.\line 2. The naming convention for the programme is not correct. The institution has placed this programme under CESM category 4 \'28Marketing\'29 while the programme deals with public relations \'28CESM 5\'29. The placement under CESM 4 is not consonant with the content and outcomes of this programme. The programme appears not to be focused on Public Relations Practice but rather more on Corporate Communication i.e. management and strategy of PR.\line 3. It is not clear how the experiential learning component will be supervised and the institution has not accepted responsibility for the placement of students.\line 4. The institution does not have a clear understanding of the needs of the distance mode of delivery. Materials development is not explicitly catered for in its policies.\line 5. The staff members are not all relevantly qualified and experienced.\line 6. Given that the registrar and the programme coordinator are the same person\'2C it is not clear that there is sufficient academic expertise to provide academic leadership and curriculum development.\line 7. Resource provision in terms of library resources and computer access is insufficient. The student support for distance education mode is inadequate.\line 8. There is no description of the number and types of assessments\'2C whether formative or summative\'2C and there is also no evidence of how the overall outcomes will be assessed.\line \line The institution submitted a representation. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original submission\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report and the representation made. The evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report is somewhat problematic in the sense that the narrative often seems to accept claims made in the representation without necessarily verifying in the narrative whether these claims are indeed supported with the required evidence. In this regard the evaluator for example states\'3A \'E2\'80\'9C\'E2\'80\'A6I have been able to find out that the institution believes that the design is not flawed and that there is coherent structure for the programme\'2C\'E2\'80\'9D and \'E2\'80\'9CWith the above analysis and the explanation by the institution\'2C I want to believe that the design of the programme is no longer \'5Bflawed\'5D but well adjusted to suite the criterion.\'E2\'80\'9D It is thus not clear if the evaluator did a thorough analysis of the programme or based the conclusion on claims made by the institution. \line \line In the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s comprehensive report it was indicated that there are a huge body of modules that are carried to the third year all in very overlapping fields and this is concerning for the design. Students do PR\'2C Branding\'2C Integrated Marketing Communication\'2C Advertising and Project Management to the 3rd year. There does not seem to be integration shown between these very overlapping fields yet they are all taught as silos up until 3rd year level. These are all extremely communication based modules yet there is no introduction to communication. The diploma is referred to as the Practice of PR yet all the explanations of these modules are management and strategy focused and there is very little on the basis of communication\'2C the fundamentals\'2C function and techniques of PR\'2C which is where much of the entry level practice is. \line \line The first evaluator also raised some concerns about the ordering of the modules such as Public Relations 1.1 which is about PR management and then 1.2 is about systems thinking\'2C which is the basis\'2C from a modernistic perspective\'2C in organisations yet they learn PR management before they learn about organisations. They do integrated Marketing Communication and Branding linked to strategy etc. and then you would think that the advertising modules were based on execution but they are not\'2C rather they speak to advertising strategy. This seems to offer very little applied work and yet the programme is called PR practice.  Thus looking at management and strategy without foundational areas is problematic. In addition\'2C based on this the progression of learning and structure is concerning because there are a large proportions of modules and specialization areas and also some disjuncture such as the fact that the students do project management 2 and 3 but do not do project management 1. Students do media law but do not cover any media in the programme. Whilst there are 2 streams of PR i.e. PR media route and the PR Marketing\'2FMarketing Communication route this programme seems to have mixed both areas and seems to lack structure in some places. \line \line The Directorate is thus not in a position to express an opinion on whether the concerns raised in the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report have been addressed in an acceptable way. \line Another major concern raised in the initial evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report related to the conceptualization and provisioning of distance education by the institution. Again the narrative of the second evaluator appears to be based on claims made by the institution.  The evaluator states that the institution does provide a rationale for the use of distance education for the delivery of this programme to the intended target learners. Boston College further states that the aim was also to provide access to students that are unable to attend classes at fixed times of normal school lecture periods. The institution also demonstrates its knowledge of the needs of distance mode of delivery by stating the programme is also aimed at affording learners the ability \'E2\'80\'9Cto pace their progression in keeping with their life world\'E2\'80\'9D and also to redress shortages of opportunities in South Africa for participation in higher education. Boston College confirms its awareness of challenges of running distance learning programmes and that presently\'2C the institution runs some other distance learning programmes and therefore has good knowledge and experience of distance learning programmes. In addition\'2C the institution also added that it is also familiar with challenges in relation to teaching\'2C learning\'2C student support and administration of distance learning programmes. The evaluator thus surmises that Boston College has experience and clear understanding of the needs of the distance mode of delivery.\line \line The other reasons listed for not accrediting the programme are less problematic in the way the second evaluator dealt with them in the report. \line \line Concerns raised about the lack of relevantly qualified and experienced academic staff members have not been resolved. The second evaluator agreed with the initial evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report that the institution needs to get more suitably qualified academics to run this programme. Although the institution listed 38 academic staff members with various qualifications in Business Administration\'2C Industrial Psychology\'2C Economics\'2C Financial Management\'2C English\'2C Psychology\'2C Accounting\'2C Law\'2C Operations Management amongst others\'2C only one academic staff member holds a qualification in Psychology and Communication. There is a risk that academics with qualifications not relevant to the programme may be teaching on the programme. The institution needs to be told that not just any graduate should be allowed to teach Communication\'2C Public Relations or other related courses but graduates in that particular field just as a Communication or Public Relations graduate cannot just teach Economics or Law. \line \line The staff concern also relates to the programme coordinator. Given that the registrar and the programme coordinator are the same person\'2C it is not clear that there is sufficient academic expertise to provide academic leadership and curriculum development. The evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report that the institution did not address this concern. \line \line The other reasons given for not accrediting the programme appear to have been addressed by the institution. The evaluator indicated that the institution in its representation now motivates for a change of programme name from Diploma in Public Relations to Diploma in Public Relations and Communication. This was to address the error in the initial submission where the institution has placed the programme under CESM category 4 \'28Marketing\'29 while the programme deals with Public Relations \'28CESM 5\'29. The new \'2F proposed classification and naming is therefore more acceptable and relevant. \line Similarly\'2C the evaluator felt that the experiential learning component concerns have been attended to. The evaluator argues that the submission regards experience as being critical to learning and further states that the curricula and learning programmes of Boston are ideally suited to incorporate the principles of experiential learning. It is also noted that the institution is aware of the importance of experiential learning and that despite the challenges usually faced by distance learning providers to implement experiential learning\'2C Boston College is committed to address this issue positively and also be responsible for the placement of students.\line \line As far as Criterion 7 is concerned\'2C the institution in its representation reiterated its commitment to providing adequate library resources and computer access to its students even though the institution follows the distance mode of delivery. The institution argues that it has a proven network of tuition centres that provides support services for distance learners nationally through designated service centres. The institution also confirmed that the aim of this service centres is \'E2\'80\'9Cto give connectivity and access for students who otherwise do not have access to such resource rich facilities or support infrastructures\'E2\'80\'9D. The evaluator felt that Boston knows the importance of providing library and computer facilities to its students and should be able to do just that.\line \line Finally\'2C the institution in its representation explained and described the number and types of formative and summative assessments to be given to the students and also the evidence of how the overall outcomes will be assessed. The evaluator is of the opinion that the institution has mechanisms in place to ensure effective and acceptable practices for the assessment of students in this mode of delivery. \line \line The Directorate does not support the recommendation that the programme should be accredited. It is recommended that the either the decision be deferred and the programme design be referred to another evaluator for a final judgment on the coherence\'2C progression and design logic of the programme or that it not be accredited. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Public Relations \'28NQF Level 6\'2C 402 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be  \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme design concerns\'2C while defended by the institution\'2C have not been satisfactorily resolved such that the programme is unambiguously coherent.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}