{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 15th August 2012\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR193\'2FE014CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Style Design College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Art in Fashion Styling and Photography \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact and Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Suite 1 Bytes Technology Building\line Sookhay Place\line Derby Downs\line University Road\line Westville\line Kwazulu\'2FNatal\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Style Design College is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education provider and is accredited to offer higher education programmes by the HEQC.\line \line The Bachelor of Art in Fashion Styling and Photography was tabled at the accreditation committee meeting of 22 and 23 February 2012 and it was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The distance mode of learning cannot be assessed as no evidence regarding the institution\'27s capacity to offer in this mode in terms of instructional techniques\'2C communication media and organization and administration issues associated with distance education\'2C was provided.\line 2. The programme design is incoherent and does not succeed in integrating two distinct fields of specialization in any meaningful way.\line 3. The staff members do not have the relevant qualifications and\'2For industry experience to teach this programme.\line 4. The information on support staff is inadequate for evaluation purposes.\line 5. The information detailed on infrastructure and facilities lacks comprehensiveness and it would appear that the institution does not have the required facilities and equipment to offer the programme.\line \line The institution submitted a representation. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the recommendation of the HEQC and the representation made and came to the conclusion that the institution has proposed a programme and qualification that in terms of the naming conventions for higher education programmes in SA cannot be accommodated within the current framework. In terms of the knowledge repertoire proposed\'2C the combination of the sub-fields of styling and photography within the fashion context is unproblematic but areas of the knowledge repertoire \'28Clothing Technology in particular and certain of the Visual Literacy modules\'29 do not seem to cohere with the balance of the programme. It is doubtful whether the required exit level outcomes of the programme will be achieved and particularly in the areas of focus in the programme carried by the qualification title. The evaluation per reason forwarded by the HEQC indicates that some areas of concern have been resolved.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution has amended the mode of learning to contact only. The knowledge repertoire represented by the list of courses\'2Fmodules is much better suited to the contact mode given the applied nature of styling and photographic practices and a largely projected knowledge discourse onto the world-of-fashion-work. \line \line The evaluator disagrees with the previous evaluation that concludes that the two fields \'28styling \'26 photography\'29 are so distinct that they cannot be integrated into a single programme design. It is true that fashion styling is utilized in merchandising contexts and that photography is its own field of practice but there are many contexts in which the two fields are brought together to realise commercial outputs and particularly in the field of fashion. The evaluator therefore agrees that the \'28sub\'29fields of fashion styling and fashion photography can \'E2\'80\'98meaningfully cohere\'E2\'80\'99 in a fashion-directed programme in certain contexts and agrees with the institution that there are many undergraduate programmes presented elsewhere in the world that combine these knowledges\'2Fskills into a single programme. To this extent\'2C the institution has created a coherent programme that successfully combines these sub-fields and is captured in the broad programme aims and objective\'2C although certain of the programme courses\'2Fmodules do not appear to directly support the balance of the programme. The revised programme submission improves upon the previous list of programme courses\'2Fmodules provided and now includes\'2C for example\'2C Photography as a 3rd year \'28level 3\'29 course\'2Fmodule\'2C which better supports the proposed nomenclature of the qualification title. However\'2C the qualification title BA in Fashion Styling and Photography violates current naming conventions for first Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s degrees \'28the \'E2\'80\'98and\'E2\'80\'99 is not permitted\'29 and in any event it is questionable whether the use of both qualifiers would satisfy the 50\'2F50 rule for naming qualifications and it is also questionable whether the 50\'2F50 rule would be satisfied at level 03 of the programme if either of\'2C or both \'28if this were possible\'29 qualifiers were used for naming purposes. It does not appear as if there is enough styling content or photography content \'E2\'80\'93 combined or singularly \'E2\'80\'93 to justify the qualification title or alternative titles.  At the very least\'2C the institution needs to decide which of the two knowledge-sets is the ascendant one and restrict the programme and qualification title to a single qualifier. The title should therefore be a BA in Fashion Styling with photography as only one of a number of essential support courses\'2Fmodules in relation to the full fashion styling knowledge repertoire. This will not diminish the marketability of the programme. However the institution will need to ensure that the 50\'2F50 rule is satisfied and will need to show a clear link between the styling module\'2Fcourse and the other modules\'2Fcourses to justify the qualifier \'28in relation to the 50\'2F50 rule\'29.\line \line Having resolved this issue\'2C the evaluator then focuses on the programme content and argues that it is questionable whether the target knowledge repertoire will succeed in realizing sufficient NQF Level 7 credits and an exit level at Level 7 \'28to justify its first Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s status\'29 particularly in the priority areas of styling and photography. While these sub-fields and knowledge discourses do lend themselves to higher NQF Level realizations\'2C the evaluator has little confidence in the institution\'E2\'80\'99s ability to deliver on this from the outset. In addition\'2C an informed adjudication of this cannot be read from the descriptions provided in the appeal representation document and supporting documents nor from the original syllabus upload document in the original on-line application although there are some pointers to this possibility. On this basis\'2C the evaluator does not feel comfortable supporting the possible introduction of a first Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s programme in fashion styling without a lower level track record and therefore proposes that the institution begin with a Diploma in Fashion Styling. In addition\'2C there are inconsistencies in the information provided.  Moreover\'2C the programme provides for 130 credits at Level 1\'2C 125 credits at Level 2 and 100 credits at level 3 for a total of 355 credits\'2C which does not conform to the requirements of the HEQF for a Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s programme \'28360\'29. \line \line In terms of academic staffing\'2C the evaluator agrees that given the proposed introduction of a new programme and qualification into the South African qualifications framework and given the inter-disciplinary focus of the programme\'2C the likelihood of finding educators with qualifications that are perfectly aligned to the programme\'2Fqualification title is unlikely. While it would be desirable to locate an international lecturer that has experience in the newly combined \'28sub\'29fields it seems adequate to ensure that the various knowledge and skill sets \'28represented by the programme courses\'2Fmodules\'29 that constitute a newly recontextualised knowledge relationship are catered for and that the programme coordinator ensures integration across the various modules\'2Fcourses. The newly proposed lecturers for the programme do have relevant qualifications and teaching experience and it is very likely that the appointment of a lecturer for Digital Design and Hair \'26 Makeup can easily be made. The senior lecturer in Fashion Styling \'28and to support the Professional Practice modules\'29 may be more difficult to locate but the institution has expressed its willingness to source this person from abroad if necessary. In summary\'2C the evaluator is of the view that the existing\'2Favailable educators have relevant and sufficient qualifications and teaching experience and that with the additional appointments\'2C the institution will have the necessary academic staff compliment to support the programme.\line \line In terms of the information submitted\'2C it is unclear whether the support staff are shared with other programmes and to what extent this occurs. It would be useful to know the overall student enrolment at the institution and the overall programme offering in order to evaluate better the capacity of support staff for this programme withing the context of the institution.\line \line The evaluator also noted that it is not clear whether the facilities and infrastructure described support this programme or all programmes at the institution. The impression that is created is of a small institution with a number of facilities of unknown\'2Funspecified quality that may or may not be shared amongst students registered on a broad range of courses. The lease agreements and floor space should be scrutinized to better understand what facilities and infrastructure are available and for how many students across how many programmes. This is difficult to do \'E2\'80\'98on paper\'E2\'80\'99 and a site visit is recommended. \line \line The Directorate concurs with the recommendation that the decision not to accredit the programme be upheld..\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Art in Fashion Styling and Photography  \'28NQF Level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C Contact and Distance mode\'29\i0  be  \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme title BA in Fashion Styling and Photography indicates a focus on two areas given two qualifiers\'2C and is thus not in line with the HEQF naming conventions for Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s degrees.  The programme thus appears to lack focus.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. There are inconsistencies in the information provided.  As as example\'2C the programme provides for 130 credits at Level 1\'2C 125 credits at Level 2 and 100 credits at level 3 for a total of 355 credits\'2C which does not conform to the requirements of the HEQF for a Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s programme \'28360 credits\'29.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The programme design is such that there are insufficient credits at Level 5\'3B it is not clear thus how knowledge progression from Level 4 to Level 7 will be facilitated through this design. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4.The institution has not demonstrated that is has sufficient support staff to support this programme in addition to other existing programmes. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The institution has not demonstrated that it has sufficient infrastructure\'2C equipment and other resources to support the offering of this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}