{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th April 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1264\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql all nations bible institution \'26 projects\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doctor of Philosophy in Theology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 10\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 18 Vrede Road\line Frogmore Estate\line STEENBERG\line 7945\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The All Nations Bible Institution and Projects is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. In the Institutional Profile\'2C the Institution purports to be an \'22Existing institution\'22.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Doctor of Philosophy in Theology which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 24th of November 2021 and HEQC meeting held on the 11th of February 2022.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The application has critical weaknesses in relation to criterion 1.\line 1.1 The vision of the Institution is not clear in terms of its educational\'2C developmental and\'2For research objectives. There is a lack of clarity on how the programme supports the academic and research aims of the Institution.\line 1.2 The programme does not meet the requirements of the HEQSF as it is neither a professional doctoral degree nor is it an education programme. The programme design is not appropriate for a professional doctoral degree and the rationale and purpose of the programme have not been provided.\line 1.3 The SAQA document has not been provided.\line 1.4 The programme includes WIL which is inappropriate since the programme is not designed as a professional doctorate. The submission also makes provision for 12 months of WIL placement with no credit allocation.\line 1.5 The CESM category allocated to the programme is incorrect.\line 2.1 The minimum admission requirements are not aligned with current legislation and are inappropriate for a doctoral degree. \line 2.2 The Institution does not have appropriate policies and procedures for the admission and selection of students\'2C nor for the selection and appointment of supervisors.\line 3.1 The submission failed to demonstrate that there are sufficient qualified staff to offer the programme and supervise research.\line 3.2 Administrative staff and HR policies are inadequate.\line 4.1 The Teaching and Learning Strategy is not suitable for a Doctoral programme.\line 4.2 The Institution has not provided evidence of academic support.\line 5. The Institution has failed to demonstrate that it has adequate policies and procedures regarding assessment.\line 6. No information on infrastructure or IT infrastructure was provided\'2C and no library resources are available.\line 7. The Institution did not provide evidence to substantiate its ability to offer and support postgraduate research.\line 8. The Institution failed to demonstrate its ability to offer higher education programmes via the distance mode of delivery.\line 9. The Institution did not demonstrate that it has adequate administrative services to manage and support the programme. \line 10. The institutional policies are inadequate\'2C and do not meet the expected standards for higher education.\line Note\'3A The submission and supporting documents include several instances of plagiarism.\line Note\'3A The institutional profile includes contradictory information\'2C e.g.\'2C the Institution reflects undergraduate enrolments\'2C while this is a new institution that is not registered as a higher education institution\'2C and does not offer other higher education programmes.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line According to the Register of Private Higher Education Institutions \'2825 November 2022\'29\'2C all nations bible institution \'26 projects \'28hereafter\'2C ANBIP\'29 has neither full nor provisional registration as a provider of higher education. In a document \'E2\'80\'9CCurriculum of ANBIP\'E2\'80\'9D submitted with the Institutional Profile\'2C it lists four B-degree\'2C one Honours\'2C three Master\'E2\'80\'99s and three Doctoral qualifications \'28in Christian Business Administration\'2C Christian Counselling\'2C Ministry\'2C and Religious Studies\'2C but not one in Theology\'29. \line \line Reasons for non-accreditation and summary of evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s findings\'3A\line 1. The application has critical weaknesses in relation to criterion 1. The vision of the Institution is not clear in terms of its educational\'2C developmental and\'2For research objectives\'3A \line \line The mission\'2C which emphasises a spiritual dimension\'2C is not accompanied by clearly stated deliverables. There is no reference to the personal development of the student\'2C to developing research capability\'2C nor to how there will be a significant and original academic contribution. Since ANBIP is not registered as a higher education institution with the DHET\'2C some of its claims are misleading. This aspect has not been adequately addressed.\line \line There is a lack of clarity on how the programme supports the academic and research aims of the Institution\'3A\line \line The document \'E2\'80\'98Curriculum on ANBIP Policy\'E2\'80\'99 states that the programme is a fully-accredited online programme providing opportunity for ground-breaking theological research. The qualification\'2C with a title \'E2\'80\'98Doctor of Philosophy in Religious Studies\'E2\'80\'99 \'E2\'80\'93 different from that in the application\'2C where it is \'E2\'80\'98Doctor of Philosophy in Theology\'E2\'80\'99 \'E2\'80\'93 carries 840 credits plus three additional research-related modules\'2C which contradicts information in the application \'28a 360-credit qualification\'2C comprising two years of 180 credits each\'29. There is no clarity on the purpose or content of these additional modules. The number of credits indicated in the \'E2\'80\'98Curriculum\'E2\'80\'99 policy is excessive\'2C and means it would be impossible for a student to complete in anywhere near the normal time for doctoral completion. Information about admission requirements in this document \'28Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree with excellent results\'29 conflicts with the requirements stated in the application for accreditation \'28National Certificate\'2C Grade 12\'29. No evidence was provided of a budget for development of the programme that would contribute to institutional and research aims. The Institution does not have adequate infrastructure like library and IT resources to support its research goals. This aspect has not been adequately addressed. There are too many shortcomings to achieve academic and research aims at the doctoral level.\line \line The programme does not meet the requirements of the HEQSF as it is neither a professional doctoral degree nor is it an education programme. The programme design is not appropriate for a professional doctoral degree and the rationale and purpose of the programme have not been provided\'3A\line \line The claims in the application that the programme is an educational programme and includes Work-Integrated Learning have not been addressed\'2C nor have contradictions in the title of the qualification. There is also inconsistency in references to whether this is a qualification of the general or the professional variant. There is no clarity on whether the additional research modules set out in the \'E2\'80\'98Curriculum\'E2\'80\'99 document are part of coursework and whether they are compulsory or optional. The inflated credit allocation\'2C and the lack of clarity on the status of the additional modules\'2C of admission requirements\'2C and of the educational and professional nature of the qualification\'2C mean that the programme does not meet the requirements of the HEQSF. This aspect has not been satisfactorily addressed.\line \line The SAQA document has not been provided\'3A \line \line Instead of the required SAQA registration document\'2C the Institution provided a Continuous Professional Development document\'2C in which it is described as a recognised body for religious professionals. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line The programme includes WIL which is inappropriate since the programme is not designed as a professional doctorate. The submission also makes provision for 12 months of WIL placement with no credit allocation\'3A\line \line Information is contradictory. The \'E2\'80\'98Curriculum\'E2\'80\'99 document sets out only a thesis and other coursework modules\'2C whereas the application dedicates 30 per cent of learning time to WIL\'2C which implies 12 months of activity without credit. It is also unrealistic to require 20 years of study to qualify for WIL\'2C There is no information about how WIL would relate to and be appropriate for the purpose of the programme. The issue has not been addressed.\line \line The CESM category allocated to the programme is incorrect\'3A\line \line The CESM is given as CESM 17. This is not in order.\line \'28Recommendation note\'3A the application gives it as CESM 1799\'2C Philosophy\'2C Religion and Theology\'2C Other. Presumably the expectation here is that it should be CESM 170201\'2C Religion\'2C or CESM 170303\'2C Christianity.\'29\line \line 2. The minimum admission requirements are not aligned with current legislation and are inappropriate for a doctoral degree.\line \line \'28This has been addressed above.\'29 There is a contradiction between information in the application and in supporting documentation \'28\'E2\'80\'98Curriculum\'E2\'80\'99 policy\'29. Targeting students who love God\'2C respect the scripture\'2C and are in employment go beyond requirements specified in the HEQSF. There is no clarity on the meaning of \'E2\'80\'98excellent results\'E2\'80\'99 required in the Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree specified in the \'E2\'80\'98Curriculum\'E2\'80\'99 document. The matter has not been adequately addressed.\line \line The Institution does not have appropriate policies and procedures for the admission and selection of students\'2C nor for the selection and appointment of supervisors\'3A\line \line As indicated\'2C the Institution gives spiritual reasons for its admission decisions instead of clear criteria for how research proposals\'2C etc.\'2C will be assessed\'2C a matter about which policy is silent. Policy states that supervisors are appointed by heads of department and approved by higher structures such as a Doctoral Degree Board. ANBIP appears to have some outsourcing collaboration with the University of Cape Town\'3A supervisors must be from UCT. They must have research supervision skills but need not have a doctorate. \line \line A problem with the policy documents is that they remain undated\'2C without evidence of approval by higher structures.\line \line 3. The submission failed to demonstrate that there are sufficient qualified staff to offer the programme and supervise research\'3A \line \line There is information about only one academic member of staff \'28indicated as a part-time employee\'29. According to the CV\'2C the person has a Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree pending\'2C yet in various documents is addressed as Doctor or Professor. The sources of information do not correspond. The other staff member is the Registrar\'2C with a PhD. It is not clear where academic \'28teaching and supervision\'29 and support roles lie. The question whether academics from UCT are employed as part-time staff or perform as volunteers is not addressed. The Institution has policies on staff equity\'2C staff development\'2C and appointment of supervisors. In this case\'2C too\'2C policies are undated and without evidence of formal approval. The finding is that the Institution does not have adequate academic staff to supervise doctoral research and act as internal assessors of the students.\line \line Administrative staff and HR policies are inadequate for effective support of students.\line \line 4. The Teaching and Learning Strategy is not suitable for a Doctoral programme\'3A\line \line The discrepancy in the title of the qualification creates some confusion in what actual content will be included and how it will be delivered. The Teaching and Learning Strategy refers to the raising up of spirit-anointed leaders\'2C equipping people for the ministry\'2C achieving unity in faith\'2C and the growth of a whole body full of health and love\'2C rather than details of a Teaching and Learning Strategy. Presentation is online\'2C and communication with students is via email or phone. There is no information about how a strategy will address the need for high-level research capability or the development of an original contribution at the frontiers of knowledge\'2C therefore no alignment with the needs of a doctoral programme.\line \line The Institution has not provided evidence of academic support\'3A\line \line The Learner Support Policy and Procedure does not mention anything about academic support at the level of a doctoral programme. The application states that learning materials are submitted online\'2C assignments emailed to students\'2C and that academic support is virtual\'2C but provides no explanation of how this relates to supervision of a thesis. Lack of adequate support resources has already been mentioned. The finding is that adequate support will not be realised.\line \line 5. The Institution has failed to demonstrate that it has adequate policies and procedures regarding assessment\'3A\line \line Before enrolment students are assessed for their potential and capability. In the programme assessment is done by one internal and two external assessors. The purpose of assessment is to develop students\'E2\'80\'99 cognitive\'2C reflective and practical skills. However\'2C the assessment procedures described in the application are more suited to undergraduate and school levels. Reference to compliance with SETA assessment procedures is incompatible with studies at the doctoral level. Not much is said about the rigour and security of student information. Assessment information is inadequate for a PhD programme.\line \line 6. No information on infrastructure or IT infrastructure was provided\'2C and no library resources are available\'3A\line \line The campus has three lecture rooms with a capacity of three. The only information about library resources is that they are online \'28but it was also mentioned that there is no library\'29. The lack of information\'2C and visual material to support verbal claims\'2C means that insufficient information was provided to indicate that this aspect has been addressed.\line \line 7. The Institution did not provide evidence to substantiate its ability to offer and support postgraduate research\'3A\line \line On enrolment students will have to do a research module aimed at assisting them to complete a research proposal within 12 months\'2C failing which the application will lapse. A thesis of 80 000-1000 000 words is then required within a maximum period of six years. Learning is done independently\'2C while there may be opportunity for students to interact with others. Academic\'2C administrative and pastoral support is intended. Lack of budget and infrastructure for postgraduate research has already been mentioned. Inadequate evidence was provided to show ability to offer and support postgraduate research.\line \line 8. The Institution failed to demonstrate its ability to offer higher education programmes via the distance mode of delivery\'3A\line \line In the online distance mode there will be limited physical interaction between students and supervisors. Lack of staffing with relevant expertise\'2C library resources and IT service means that is inadequate evidence of capacity to offer the programme in the distance mode.\line \line 9. The Institution did not demonstrate that it has adequate administrative services to manage and support the programme\'3A\line \line There was little information about a learning management system and how students would be supported administratively. There is currently no existing postgraduate management experience or capacity to establish and implement a PhD programme.\line \line 10. The institutional policies are inadequate\'2C and do not meet the expected standards for higher education. The submission and supporting documents include several instances of plagiarism. \line \line As indicated\'2C policies \'28Financial Management\'2C Distance Education\'2C Staff Recruitment\'2C and others\'29 are incomplete in that they are undated\'2C with no evidence of who approved them\'2C and appear to include certain cut-and-paste sections\'2C with different fonts and\'2C in cases\'2C external letterheads\'2C with indications of plagiarism without proper adaptation to or alignment with higher education institutional needs. An example is resort to SETA standards of assessment\'2C unsuited to a PhD programme. \line \line The institutional profile includes contradictory information\'2C e.g. the Institution reflects undergraduate enrolments\'2C while this is a new institution that is not registered as a higher education institution\'2C and does not offer other higher education programmes\'3A\line \line Policies are mostly related to undergraduate studies\'2C with little or no reference to postgraduate needs. No evidence was provided of registration with the DHET and SAQA\'2C so information about undergraduate studies is currently irrelevant. Contradiction and plagiarism still prevail in the policy documentation. \line \line Evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s recommendation\'3A\line The evaluator recommended that the programme should not be accredited\'2C for the following reasons\'3A\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution did not provide SAQA document\'2C its vision and mission do not align with HEQSF educational goals\'2C and   \line       the PhD programme do not align with HEQSF doctoral degree admission requirements \'28Criteria 1\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 PhD admission requirement does not align with HEQSF admission to doctoral degree requirement and no appropriate \line      policies and procedures for the admission and selection of students\'2C nor for the selection and appointment of \line      supervisors. \'28Criteria 2\'2C 9\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 There is no evidence of sufficient qualified staff to offer the programme and supervise research. Furthermore\'2C \line     Administrative staff and HR policies are inadequate. \'28Criteria 3\'2C4 and 9\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The teaching and learning strategy is not suitable for a Doctoral programme and the Institution has not provided \line     adequate evidence of academic support. \'28Criteria 5\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The Institution has failed to demonstrate that it has adequate and appropriate policies and procedures regarding \line     assessment. \'28Criteria 6\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution needs to provide clear and consistent information about its available infrastructure and explained how it \line     will support the PhD programme. \'28Criteria 7\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The Institution provided inadequate evidence to substantiate its ability to offer and support postgraduate research. \line     \'28Criteria 9\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The Institution failed to demonstrate its ability to offer higher education programmes via the distance mode of delivery \line     \'28Section C\'29.\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution does not have required administrative services \'28Criteria 8\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Many of the institutional policies do not meet the expected standards for higher education \'28Criteria 1-9\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Plagiarism and contradicting information about the PhD programme and institutions itself still prevail in the policies of \line     the institution. \'28Criteria 1-9\'29.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the Doctor of Philosophy in Theology should not be accredited. \'28Note\'3A the application\'2C submitted in 2023\'2C does not appear to be aware of the Qualification Standard for Doctoral Degrees approved by the CHE in 2018.\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Doctor of Philosophy in Theology \'28NQF Level 10\'2C 360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme does not comply with the characteristics of a doctoral programme set out in the HEQSF\'2C nor with the Qualification Standard for Doctoral Degrees.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. There is no evidence of sufficient qualified staff to offer the programme and supervise doctoral research. Administrative staffing resources are inadequate to support students in the doctoral programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3\'2C4 and 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. There is inadequate evidence to demonstrate consistent\'2C appropriate policies and procedures for\'2C and application of\'2C admission criteria\'2C selection and appointment of supervisors\'2C assessment of a doctoral programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 2\'2C 6 and 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Teaching and Learning Strategy is not suitable for a Doctoral programme and the Institution has not provided adequate evidence of academic support. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. There is insufficient evidence to demonstrate capacity to offer a doctoral programme in the distance education mode.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 5\'2C 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. Information about infrastructure available to support a postgraduate research programme\'2C including library and IT resources\'2C is either lacking\'2C unclear or inconsistent\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. Problems in information provided about the institution and the programme itself\'2C including contradictions and plagiarism from external sources\'2C indicate that the expected standards for higher education programmes have not been met.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 \'E2\'80\'93 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}