{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 26th July 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR382\'2FE011CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Oakfields College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Fundamentals of Filmmaking\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus \line Lynnridge Mall\'2C \line Cnr Jacobson Dr \'26 Lynnwood Rd\'2C \line Lynnwood Ridge\'2C \line Pretoria\line \line East Rand \line Shop 7\'2C \line Lower Level\'2C \line Stoneridge Shopping Centre\'2C \line Cnr Hereford \'26 Modderfontein Rds\'2C \line Moderfontein\'2C \line Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Oakfields College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Fundamentals of Filmmaking which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 28th of September 2022 and HEQC meeting held on the 4th of November 2022.\line \line The proposed programme will be offered at the following sites of delivery\'3A\line - Lynnridge Mall\'2C Pretoria\line - Stoneridge Mall\'2C Johannesburg\'2C East Rand.\line \line According to the Register of Private Higher Education Institutions \'28DHET\'2C 3 May 2023\'29\'2C there are currently four contact learning programmes offered at the Pretoria site and two at the Johannesburg site. Besides the addition of this contact Higher Certificate programme\'2C the following CL programmes \'28currently in process\'29 will also be offered at these sites\'2C if accredited\'3A\line - Higher Certificate in Make-up and SFX Design \'28outstanding prior-to-commencement conditions\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Graphic Design \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Fashion Design Development \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Sound Technology \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Photography \'28outstanding prior-to-commencement conditions\'29.\line \line The Higher Certificate in Fundamentals of Filmmaking programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The total credits allocated to the Higher Certificate do not meet the minimum 120 required by the HEQSF. Only 100 credits are indicated in sections 1.4 and 1.7 of the application.\line 2. The Institution does not indicate how the administration and management of textbooks is undertaken\'2C in the absence of library personnel. Reading materials are out of date and are not correctly referenced. \line 3. The learning and teaching methods specific to this programme have not been provided\'2C which are essential given the unique needs of teaching film production. Likewise\'2C the specialist equipment\'2C software and facilities dedicated to this programme are not indicated.\line 4. The application creates the impression that a graduate from a Higher Certificate is a \'27fully prepared professional film producer\'27. It is unclear what is meant by \'22film producer\'22 as this claim does not accord with the NQF level and type of programme.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Oakfields College has submitted an application for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Fundamentals of Filmaking. The programme was not accredited for various reasons\'2C including programme design concerns\'2C the Teaching and Learning Strategy\'2C and the availability of reading material and textbooks. The Institution submitted a representation in respect of the non-accreditation. The evaluator is of the view that the Institution has provided sufficient evidence to address most of the concerns and recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions. The Directorate notes that the Teaching and Learning Strategy specifically\'2C in terms of the practical aspects of film-making\'2C was not adequately addressed. \line \line The total credits allocated to the Higher Certificate do not meet the minimum 120 required by the HEQSF. Only 100 credits are indicated in sections 1.4 and 1.7 of the application\'3A\line In the representation\'2C Oakfields College acknowledged the error\'2C and indicated that the curriculum was amended\'2C and that changes had been made to the module and credit structures of two modules. The Institution presented the final module and credit structure and correctly indicated that the fundamental and core modules add up to 120 credits. The evaluator confirms that the programme meets minimum requirements. The Directorate acknowledges the changed credit level in some modules\'2C and notes that the Institution is required to submit the updated SAQA document that reflects the accurate curriculum outline and credit levels for the modules in the programme.\line \line The Institution does not indicate how the administration and management of textbooks are undertaken\'2C in the absence of library personnel. Reading materials are out of date and are not correctly referenced\'3A\line The representation indicated that the Institution adapted the reading list to incorporate the publication details and linked them to the corresponding subjects. In this aspect\'2C the representation demonstrates the integration of library resources into the curriculum. However\'2C the Institution did not address the concern in terms of providing library services for this programme. It furthermore claims that students do not utilise the library\'2C and that an academic administrator is sufficient to manage and administer the textbooks and literature for this programme. The representation did not address this reason for non-accreditation and the Institution did not clarify how it will provide management and maintenance of library resources\'2C as well as library support and access to students.\line \line The learning and teaching methods specific to this programme have not been provided\'2C which are essential given the unique needs of teaching film production\'3A\line The representation includes the Implementation Strategy for the Teaching and Learning Policy at Oakfields. This is a generic document that explains teaching methods at the Institution\'2C but it is not clear how the teaching strategy applies to the specific teaching needs for a programme focused on film production. A HCert in this field of study requires an appropriate balance between theoretical and practical learning. Practical learning is not integral to the Teaching and Learning Strategy for the programme. The application allocates 10\'25 of learning time to workplace-based or experiential training. The experiential learning component in this HCert \'28Fundamentals of Filmmaking\'29 is not clear\'2C and the representation did not provide sufficient evidence of practical learning as part of the Teaching and Learning Strategy. \line \line Contributing to the concern related to the learning and teaching methods\'2C the Institution did not account for specialist equipment\'2C software and facilities dedicated to this programme in the application. The representation describes the specialised equipment\'2C software and facilities and mentions that they are allocated according to a ratio of student numbers. The camera\'2C sound\'2C post-production\'2C and lighting equipment\'2C as well as the computer labs\'2C hardware and software \'28mainly Adobe Creative Cloud\'29\'2C would be sufficient for the outcomes of the programme if they are well maintained and if access to them is well managed. However\'2C it is not clear how the equipment will be incorporated as part of the programme\'2C as practical learning in this programme remains unanswered.\line \line The application creates the impression that a graduate from a Higher Certificate is a fully prepared professional film producer. It is unclear what is meant by \'22film producer\'22 as this claim does not accord with the NQF level and type of programme\'3A\line In its representation\'2C the Institution acknowledged the misrepresentation in the formulation of the statement \'27fully prepared professional film producer\'27. They considered the criteria of an NQF level 5 qualification\'2C and accordingly reviewed the statement to\'3A The qualification is a vocational programme and offers the serious student the chance to develop into a fully prepared entry-level filmmaker\'2C who can enter the industry at a novice level. The evaluator deems this appropriate for the programme. The Institution furthermore committed to ensuring that the \'22qualification expectations and criteria are aligned with the national criteria for the qualification level and committed to not advertising or promising more than the levels of the qualification\'22.\line \line The Institution provided sufficient detail and evidence in the representation to address most of the concerns. The library resources remain an issue\'2C and the Directorate requires that the Institution resubmit the revised SAQA application to reflect the changed credits and modules. As discussed in this recommendation\'2C the Teaching and Learning Strategy was not adequately addressed. It is also not clear how the programme intends to incorporate relevant equipment and software for practical film-making. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Fundamentals of Filmmaking \'28NQF Level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The Teaching and Learning Strategy for the programme is not clear\'3A\line i\'29 The Implementation Strategy for the Teaching and Learning Policy is a generic document that explains teaching methods at the Institution\'2C but it is not clear how the teaching strategy applies to the specific teaching needs for a programme focused on film production. \line ii\'29 A HCert in this field of study requires an appropriate balance between theoretical and practical learning. Practical learning does not seem to be integral to the Teaching and Learning Strategy for the programme. The application allocates 10\'25 of learning time to workplace-based or experiential training. The experiential learning component in this HCert \'28Fundamentals of Filmmaking\'29 is not clear\'2C and the representation did not provide sufficient evidence of practical learning as part of the Teaching and Learning Strategy. \line iii\'29 The representation referred to various equipment and software that will be utilised for the programme. However\'2C it is not clear to what extent the equipment will be used in the programme\'2C or how practical work is to be facilitated and assessed as an integral part of the programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The Institution did not provide a clear indication of the available library resources for this programme\'2C and how it will provide management and maintenance of library resources\'2C as well as library support and access to students.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. A site visit should be conducted if accredited\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}