{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 26th July 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR382\'2FE012CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Oakfields College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Sound Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus \line Lynnridge Mall\'2C \line Cnr Jacobson Dr \'26 Lynnwood Rd\'2C \line Lynnwood Ridge\'2C \line Pretoria\line \line East Rand \line Shop 7\'2C \line Lower Level\'2C \line Stoneridge Shopping Centre\'2C \line Cnr Hereford \'26 Modderfontein Rds\'2C \line Moderfontein\'2C \line Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Oakfields College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Sound Technology which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 28th of September 2022 and HEQC meeting held on the 4th of November 2022.\line \line The proposed programme will be offered at the following sites of delivery\'3A\line - Lynnridge Mall\'2C Pretoria\line - Stoneridge Mall\'2C Johannesburg\'2C East Rand.\line \line According to the Register of Private Higher Education Institutions \'28DHET\'2C 3 May 2023\'29\'2C there are currently four contact learning programmes offered at the Pretoria site and two at the Johannesburg site. Besides the addition of this contact Higher Certificate programme\'2C the following CL programmes \'28currently in process\'29 will also be offered at these sites\'2C if accredited\'3A\line - Higher Certificate in Make-up and SFX Design \'28outstanding prior-to-commencement conditions\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Graphic Design \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Fundamentals of Filmmaking \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Fashion Design Development \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Photography \'28outstanding prior-to-commencement conditions\'29.\line \line The last site visit was conducted in 2014\'2C at the Pretoria site.\line \line The Higher Certificate in Sound Technology programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The programme design does not meet the vocational and entry-level requirements for a Higher Certificate at NQF level 5\'2C namely the provision of the fundamental skills followed up by \'28the\'29 development and application of professional skills. Too much emphasis is placed on theory to the detriment of practical application.\line 2. It is not clear how the modules will lead to the achievement of the programme purpose or how the modules will collectively contribute to the development of Sound Technology skills for graduates. Some modules are unrelated to the core requirements of skills and competencies in Sound Technology.\line 3. A clear understanding of acoustics and psychoacoustics is missing from the programme\'2C which is essential to the development of a sound technologist. There is insufficient focus on the principles of the field of sound technology and too much emphasis on specific technologies \'2F software.\line 4. The programme lacks transition in logic and design from one module to the next and there is no learning progression towards sound technology evident. Furthermore\'2C the scope of Music Theory and Practice is insufficient for a programme with its core focus on Sound Technology. It is also unclear how students will create sound or music without knowledge about the aural\'2C artistic\'2C stylistic\'2C and structural elements of the creation.\line 5. The articulation options are limited and inaccurate in some cases. References to Engineering in all aspects of the programme\'2C including articulation\'2C are incorrect. The reference to an Advanced Certificate is wrong as this is a short learning programme.\line 6. The academic staff are not appropriately and adequately qualified to teach the core modules in Sound Technology. \line 7. The workload distribution is demanding and makes little allowance for staff development.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The summary of the evaluation per reason for non-accreditation follows below.\line \line 1 \'26 2. Programme design\'3B Modules and structure\'3A\line \line There is a fair balance of practical to theory in the modular design of the qualification. In terms of theory vs practical application\'2C the programme is more practically oriented\'2C with a significant focus on equipping students with Sound Technology skills that can be directly applied in that specific job role. The programme does lean towards practical skills\'2C but some foundational theory is included to provide context and understanding of the subject matter. According to the evaluator\'2C the explanation is sound. The evaluator is of the view that it is evident that the modules are intentionally structured and interrelated\'2C and they collectively contribute to the overall development of the required skills in Sound Technology. The Institution provided a clear explanation of how each module relates to\'2C and supports\'2C the core requirements of skills and competencies in Sound Technology. The reasons have been addressed.\line \line 3. Sound technology and acoustics\'3A\line \line The Institution acknowledged that there was room for improvement in the theoretical elements of Sound Theory in the module\'27s content. The aim of the course was to focus more on practical application of sound technologies\'2C but there is a need for more emphasis on in-depth principles such as acoustics and psychoacoustics. The programme will meet criterion 1 if it is adjusted and improved to expand on the in-depth principles related to sound technology and acoustics. The reason has not been adequately addressed.\line \line 4. Transition in logic and design\'2C learning progression to sound technology\'2C and music theory and practice\'3A\line \line Regarding the programme\'27s logical progression\'2C transition\'2C and scope of the Music Theory and Practice module\'2C the Institution has undertaken substantial revision to address these issues. The evaluator is satisfied that these have been successfully revised. The Institution has also reconsidered the content of the Music Theory and Practice module. It now encompasses a broader range of elements related to music and its creation\'2C thereby reinforcing its relevance and contribution to the primary focus on Sound Technology. The reason has been addressed.\line \line 5. Articulation\'3A\line \line The Institution acknowledges that there were errors in the articulation options submitted\'2C and has provided clarification on its intention to apply for an Advanced Certificate in Sound Production as a future articulation pathway. Importantly\'2C the Institution acknowledges that it may not promote or refer to any qualifications which have not yet been accredited\'2C thereby demonstrating adherence to the correct protocol. The pathways facilitated by other institutions have proven to be suitably comprehensive. The proposed articulation pathways\'2C as presented in the initial application\'2C are adequate.\line \line 6. Academic staff\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that\'2C while primarily offering SETA-accredited programmes\'2C it recognises the need for specialised staff in the event of accreditation and an increase in enrolment numbers for this particular programme. A detailed plan for hiring the appropriate teaching and support staff has been developed\'2C including an organogram and a comprehensive workload model.\line \line 7. Workload and staff development\'3A\line \line The workload model takes into account the various roles an academic staff member may have\'2C including teaching\'2C research\'2C and administrative duties. In cases where a staff member is contracted for teaching only\'2C the workload is carefully balanced between teaching responsibilities and administrative duties. The workload model addresses the distribution of hours across the tasks for each academic staff member. This ensures that each staff member\'27s workload is well managed and distributed. The Institution has demonstrated a clear commitment to staff development\'2C as outlined in the Staff Development Policy. It is dedicated to training and developing its employees in alignment with the dynamic needs of the educational environment\'2C development needs of the employees\'2C and legislative requirements. This commitment is reinforced by the staff development plan. The reason has been addressed.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Sound Technology \'28NQF Level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1.1 There is a need for more emphasis on in-depth principles such as Acoustics and Psychoacoustics. The Institution must revise the programme and expand on these principles.\line \line 1.2 The Institution has to provide a revised South African Qualifications Authority \'28SAQA\'29 application that reflects the changes in module names and content.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The Institution must provide proof of appointment of suitably qualified staff.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}