{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th April 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH06\'2FE140CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of the Free State\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Diploma in Music\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 128\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bloemfontein Campus\line University of the Free State\line 205 Nelson Mandela Drive\line Park West\line Bloemfontein\line 9301\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of the Free State is a public higher education institution that has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Advanced Diploma in Music which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Bloemfontein Campus. The programme was tabled at an Accreditation Committee meeting held on 27 May 2022 and HEQC meeting held on 9 September 2022. The HEQC recommended that the programme not be accredited due to the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1.1 There is a lack of clarity on the programme title which\'2C in the application\'2C is also indicated as Advanced Diploma in Opera Studies.\line 1.2 There is a lack of clarity on how this programme addresses other genres of music including indigenous music.\line 1.3 There are inadequate modules relating to music discipline knowledge\'2C skills\'2C and competencies to justify progression to the Honours programme.\line 1.4 There is a lack of clarity regarding the total credits for the programme.\line 1.5 The learning outcomes for the Keyboard Skills and Applied Music Theory modules are not pitched at NQF Level 7 but at a lower level.\line 2. There is a lack of clarity on the academic and artistic criteria for the implementation of Recognition of Prior Learning.\line 3. Work-Integrated Learning is not indicated in the table of learning activities \'281.5\'29 nor is any learning time allocated to it.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Institution was declined for accreditation and has submitted a representation. The Directorate has scrutinized the evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s assessment and finds that it is flawed\'2C as well as going beyond the minimum standards for programme design. The evaluator is of the view that the programme does not meet the requirements\'2C but it is the Directorate\'E2\'80\'99s contention that a close reading of the representation indicates that the Institution can be granted programme accreditation. \line \line The evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s summative comments and the Directorate\'E2\'80\'99s views are summarized below each of the reasons provided for non-accreditation\'3A \line 1.1 There is a lack of clarity on the programme title which\'2C in the application\'2C is also indicated as Advanced Diploma in Opera Studies.\line The Institution\'2C in the representation\'2C asserts that there was an error in the original application with a reference made to Opera Studies in the title of the qualification. The evaluator is of the view that this matter has not been addressed by the Institution even though it has acknowledged the error. The correct name is the Advanced Diploma in Music. This can be deemed to be addressed. \line \line 1.2 There is a lack of clarity on how this programme addresses other genres of music including indigenous music.\line The evaluator is of the view that this programme does not address the purpose and\'2C if it is about creating opportunities for music teachers\'2C then it should be a PGCE. This is not required as the evaluator does not recognise other forms of teaching that take place in the music world. The Institution has indicated quite extensively the genre of music that is offered and argues that the module descriptions and outcomes for the modules to be included in the Advanced Diploma in Music were specifically formulated not to exclude any genre of music\'2C but towards possibilities for inclusion of as many genres of music that the staff can present with academic integrity. This can be deemed to be met. \line \line 1.3 There are inadequate modules relating to music discipline knowledge\'2C skills\'2C and competencies to justify progression to the Honours programme.\line The evaluator argues that the modules as set out do not develop practical skills. This is an erroneous conclusion. The Institution\'2C in its representation\'2C expresses how the programme is designed with due acknowledgement of the purpose. It goes on to state that \'E2\'80\'9CThe skills obtained in the proposed Advanced Diploma in Music would enable students to possibly qualify for the Performance Studies or Music Education specialisations. The content of the proposed Advanced Diploma in Music is thus similar to those of the third year of our existing degree programme\'2C although the focus is different. The Advanced Diploma in Music is being developed as a qualification with the objective to focus more on vocational abilities and development\'2C and less focus on \'E2\'80\'99pure\'E2\'80\'99 academic intellectual abilities \'28this being the focus of the degree programmes\'29. For this reason\'2C it is foreseen that students would rather articulate to the Postgraduate Diploma in Music Performance and then to a Master in Music with a specialisation in Performance Studies. In this way\'2C an alternative pathway of articulation is created towards a Master of Music in Performance Studies specifically\'22. This confirms that the Institution has constructed the qualification with due cognisance of possible articulation pathways. The response from the Institution is satisfactory. As per the HEQSF \'282013\'29 under \'E2\'80\'9CProgression\'22\'3A \'22Completion of an Advanced Diploma may be presented for entry into a Postgraduate Diploma\'2C a Bachelor Honours Degree or a Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s Degree. Accumulated credits may also be presented for entry into a cognate Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s degree. A qualification may not be awarded for early exit from an Advanced Diploma\'E2\'80\'9D. This is acceptable and can be deemed to be met. \line \line 1.4 There is a lack of clarity regarding the total credits for the programme.\line The evaluator calculates credits \'28including electives\'29 and estimates it to be 152. However\'2C the total credits of the qualification amount to 128\'2C of which 24 credits are elective modules either for Music Education \'2824 credits\'29\'2C or Ensemble \'288 credits\'29 and Orchestral Studies \'2816 credits\'29. This is indicated in the information and all documents related to the application. The Institution is correct as per the representation. This reason can be viewed as appropriately addressed. \line \line 1.5 The learning outcomes for the Keyboard Skills and Applied Music Theory modules are not pitched at NQF Level 7 but at a lower level. \line The evaluator is of the view that the outcomes are not at the correct level. The Institution indicates that the outcomes are a progression from Level 6 and the manner in which they are couched indicates that they are pitched appropriately at NQF Level 7.  The outcomes for the two modules have been reviewed by the Directorate and it is confirmed that these are appropriately pitched. In order to make this determination\'2C the Directorate reviewed the equivalent qualifications offered by other institutions\'2C including the University of Stellenbosch. This reason can be deemed to have been met.  \line \line 2. There is a lack of clarity on the academic and artistic criteria for the implementation of Recognition of Prior Learning.\line The RPL policy has been provided. The Institution has indicated that the portfolio of evidence will be assessed as per the procedures. Typically\'2C a portfolio of evidence for performance-related skills and experience will be submitted and this will be assessed in terms of NQF-6 performance module outcomes.\line \line 3. Work-Integrated Learning is not indicated in the table of learning activities \'281.5\'29 nor is any learning time allocated to it.\line The evaluator asserts that the programme is non-compliant because of the absence of WIL. The representation of the Institution indicates that the programme is curated in such a way that\'2C whilst there is no formal WIL\'2C there are activities that are closely monitored that enable practical skills development. It is not a requirement for the programme to have WIL and the representation is clear on how the combination of theory and practice is managed with a strong emphasis on identifying the opportunities for practical application. This is sufficiently coherent and in line with the stated objectives of the programme. \line \line Based on close analysis of the representation\'2C the Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited\'2C with no conditions.  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Diploma in Music \'28NQF Level 7\'2C 128 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b \'C2\'A0\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}