{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 1st January 1970\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1190\'2FE022CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Academic Institute of Excellence\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Science in Information Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 1 Oracle Close\line Halfway Gardens\line Midrand\line \line The Foundry\line 1 Sand Hill Road\line Greenpoint\line Cape Town\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Academic Institute of Excellence is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Bachelor of Science in Information Technology \'28contact mode\'29 which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 28th of September 2022 and HEQC meeting held on the 4th of November 2022.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. There are critical weaknesses in the programme design and the programme is not aligned with the purpose of a BSc in IT\'3A\line 1.1 There is a lack of alignment between the exit level outcomes\'2C and module outlines\'2C regarding the module title\'2C purpose statement\'2C assessment criteria and module content in most of the modules for this programme.\line 1.2 In the SAQA application\'2C there are 47 exit level outcomes with associated assessment criteria which raises concern regarding the Institution\'27s capacity to articulate meaningful exit level outcomes and to design programmes accordingly.\line 1.3 The application indicates that the programme comprises 47 modules totalling a minimum of 360 credits at NQF level 7\'3B however\'2C the 360-credit qualification comprises 17 compulsory modules plus 10 electives\'2C equating to 27 modules. The suite of 47 modules includes the elective modules comprising 10 modules per specialisation.\line 1.4 There is a lack of clarity on the rules of combination\'2C and which modules are offered in semester 1 and 2\'2C respectively.\line 1.5 Many of the co-requisites are inappropriate\'2C e.g. for \'27IT Project Management\'27\'2C and there appears to be a lack of understanding that co-requisite modules are offered concurrently with other modules.\line 1.6 There is a lack of clarity on why certain prerequisites have been identified\'2C e.g. \'27Software Development Fundamentals\'27 as prerequisite for \'27Systems Analysis and Design\'27.\line 1.7 The allocation of 20\'25 learning time to face-to-face lectures in a contact mode programme is inadequate.\line 1.8 There is a lack of alignment between the books listed in the module outlines and composite book list provided. Many books are outdated.\line 2.1 There is a lack of clarity about whether students must have Mathematics or Math Literacy for admission.\line 2.2 The marketing strategy does not provide adequate information on the qualification\'2C nor does it clarify the mode of provision of the programme.\line 2.3 There is a lack of clarity regarding the number of candidates to be admitted via Recognition of Prior Learning.\line 2.4 There is a lack of clarity regarding the number of years allowed for a student to complete the programme which is indicated as per discretion of the Principal and HOD.\line 3.1 No workload allocation has been provided nor is there an indication of how many modules a lecturer will be teaching.\line 3.2 The CV of the Principal indicates that the staff member is in full-time employment elsewhere.\line 3.3 There is a lack of clarity on how many hours per week are allocated per module considering that 20\'25 of time is allocated to face-to-face lecturing \'28which is inadequate for a contact programme\'29.\line 3.4 There is a lack of clarity on the mode of provision as the Institution uses the terms \'27contact\'27 and \'27distance\'27 in the application. In addition\'2C there is also reference to a \'27hybrid\'27 campus\'3B full-time\'2C virtual\'2C part-time\'2C and distance students. \line 4.1 The information in the application is not aligned with the institutional policies\'2C e.g. the allocation of teaching hours.\line 4.2 There is a lack of clarity regarding who will be responsible for programme management.\line 4.3 There is a lack of clarity on the workload allocation and whether a module leader will be responsible for contact and\'2For distance mode of delivery.\line 4.4 There is a lack of clarity on where the programme will be managed from\'2C i.e. Midrand or Cape Town.\line 4.5 The technical support identified in the programme is inadequate.\line 4.6 It is unclear what administrative support staff would be appointed to manage examinations\'2C registration\'2C graduation and capturing of marks.\line 5.1 There is a lack of clarity on the roles and responsibilities of e-tutors\'2C lecturers and facilitators.\line 5.2 There is a lack of clarity on how the same lecturers will teach at both sites of delivery.\line 5.3 It is unclear how at-risk students will be identified\'2C and who will be responsible for administrative matters related to these students.\line 6.1 There is a lack of clarity on formative and summative assessment per module.\line 6.2 The weighting of the formative assessments is excessive\'2C i.e. 60\'25 and summative exams 40\'25.\line 6.3 There is a lack of clarity on the method of assessment. Whilst there is brief reference to the use of continuous assessment in the application\'2C there is no reference to this method of assessment in the module outlines.\line 6.4 There is a lack of clarity on summative assessment regarding venue-based and online exams.\line 6.5 The assessment and moderation policy is inadequate for higher education\'3B insufficient information is provided in the policy in respect of moderation\'2C assessment procedures and process.\line 6.6 There are inadequate rules relating to supplementary examinations and no indication of \'27DP\'27 requirements for students to qualify to write exams.\line 6.7 There is a lack of clarity on the processes in place to ensure validity of results\'2C processing of results or responsibility for the capturing of results.\line 7. On both sites\'3A\line 7.1 There are insufficient venues for practicals.\line 7.2 The library facilities are inadequate and there is a lack of clarity regarding the availability of computers in the library for student use.\line 7.3 There is no evidence of network or cybersecurity laboratories for simulation nor is there information on the equipment required in these labs.\line 7.4 It is said the classrooms will be equipped but there is a lack of clarity regarding computers in these classrooms.\line 7.5 There is no indication of venues to be used for sit-down exams.\line 7.6 Students are required \'22to have or obtain a computer meeting specified minimum standard\'22\'2C however\'2C there is a lack of clarity what this standard would be.\line 7.7 There is a lack of clarity on whether the Institution will provide any resources for student practical work. \line 8.1 The Institution has not provided sufficient technical details relating to its systems.\line 8.2 The programme does not have effective administrative services for providing and managing the programme information system.\line 8.3 There are insufficient fields for student information to be captured and the types of reports are inadequate.\line 8.4 There is a lack of clarity on how the Management Information System will be used\'2C and who will be responsible for capturing\'2C quality assuring\'2C and signing off on marks.\line 8.5 There is a lack of clarity on whether the locus of responsibility for final sign-off of students\'27 marks will be in Midrand or Cape Town. \line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line \'28i\'29 The policy on staff development is not adequate for a higher education institution.\line \'28ii\'29 The policy on staff recruitment does not cover sufficient information relating to legal compliance or minimum requirements for recruitment.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line A summary of the evaluation follows below.\line \line 1.1 Alignment\'3A\line \line The Institution has provided subject forms divided according to the level of specialisation. There remains a challenge with the assessment criteria as they are formulated as subject learning objectives. The Institution needs to clarify the types of assessment included in the continuous assessment. Insufficient information has been provided. The reason has not been met.\line \line 1.2 Exit level outcomes\'3A\line \line The problem with the learning outcomes in this representation is that\'2C in many cases\'2C they do not correspond to the associated assessment criteria. The 47 exit level outcomes do not support the achievement of the intended purpose of the programme. The suggested exit level outcomes are for the compulsory subjects and the electives for the three specialisations. The 47 exit level outcomes do not relate to the relevant assessment criteria in most cases. Insufficient information has been provided. The reason has not been met.\line \line 1.3 Programme structure\'3A\line \line The Institution has submitted the programme structure\'2C module design and learner guides as revised documents. It has given students an option to study a module either through contact mode or distance mode learning. This is not possible as the submission is for a contact mode programme\'2C not distance. Hence\'2C giving an option to study in distance mode is not in line with the application. The subject forms need review on the assessment criteria and the continuous assessment tasks. Insufficient information has been provided. The reason has not been met.\line \line Reasons 1.4\'2C 1.5 and 1.6 Rules of combination\'3A \line \line The Institution has recreated the structure\'2C with the rules of combination\'2C with prerequisites and co-requisites. It has removed the prerequisite on the IT Project Management subject. On many other subjects there are no prerequisites. The Institution has removed the \'27Software Development Fundamentals\'27 as prerequisite for \'27Systems Analysis and Design\'E2\'80\'99. Still\'2C the Institution needs to explain why Office Solutions Development \'28OFSD111\'29 is co-requisite for Database Fundamentals.\line The reason has not been met.\line \line 1.7 Allocation of learning time\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that it has updated the learning time to 40\'25 for contact mode and 20\'25 for block sessions. Annexure D was not found in the representation files\'2C and it is difficult to see how the changes reflect the new total learning time. Insufficient information has been provided. The Institution needs to explain the shortage on learning time.\line \line 1.8 Book list\'3A\line \line The Institution indicates that a new book list has been developed with current titles that are aligned to the new structure\'2C module outlines and learner guides. Insufficient information has been provided. It is difficult to assess whether the changes have been applied or not. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 2.1 Mathematics\'3A\line \line The Institution has provided an explanation on the admission requirements by stating that students with a National Senior Certificate \'28NSC\'29 should have a minimum of 50\'25 in either Mathematical Literacy or Mathematics. For students with foreign qualifications there is no requirement for Mathematics or any other subject.  This needs to be confirmed to avoid uncertainty in the admission process. The Institution should be specific on the admission requirements\'2C and this applies to the required subjects and their ratings as Mathematical Literacy cannot have the same requirements as Mathematics. There is no evidence provided which indicates how the Institution has updated the information. The reason has not been adequately addressed.\line \line 2.2 Marketing information\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that\'2C in the first submission\'2C it provided a holistic approach to marketing for the programmes that were already accredited. The fact sheet for this programme is not accessible. Insufficient information has been provided. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 2.3 RPL\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated provision will be made for 10\'25 of students registering as the first year cohort to be admitted through RPL. The RPL policy has not been submitted. The reason has not been adequately addressed.\line \line 2.4 Maximum duration \'2F completion\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that the amount of time required to complete the qualification is double its duration\'2C which is equal to six years. There was no policy document submitted to confirm this. It was not indicated which measures would be taken if students do not comply. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 3.1 Workload\'3A\line \line The Institution has referred to an annexure which was supposed to contain its recruitment plan. This annexure was not submitted. The reason has not been met.\line \line 3.2 Principal\'27s CV\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that an incorrect version of the CV was uploaded\'3B and a new version has been uploaded. This CV does not indicate that the relevant person is currently employed by the Institution. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 3.3 Hours per week\'3A\line \line The Institution has changed the learning time from 20\'25 to 40\'25. A 10-credit module will have four periods per week and 20-credit modules will have eight periods \'28hours\'29 per week. The Institution has referred to an annexure which is not in the submission. There is no policy addressing this. There is a need to make the teaching period allocation per credit part of institutional policy. The reason has not been met.\line \line 3.4 Mode of provision\'3A\line \line The Institution has justified the offering of the programme in contact and distance modes to increase the number of graduates who could be employable. If this is the case\'2C the Institution would need to submit full justification of its distance offering mode and it be accredited. In the absence of justification for the distance mode\'2C the current submission is for contact mode. Therefore\'2C the Institution is confusing the hybrid learning environment with a distance and contact mode\'2C and  cannot offer a distance mode programme if not accredited. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 4.1 Teaching hours\'3A\line \line The response from the Institution is not pointing to the allocation of teaching hours\'2C which is the example provided in the reason. It is\'2C therefore\'2C clear that the Institution did not take time to respond to all the requirements. The Institution did not specify the sections of the updated policies and other information. Therefore\'2C the reason was not addressed.\line \line 4.2 Programme management\'3A\line \line The review of the CV shows that the Head of Department has a BScHons \'28Computer Information Systems\'29. However\'2C the employment history shows that from 1 January 2021 to present the HOD has been working for CTU Training Solutions as National Operations Manager. It is not clear when he was employed by the Institution. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 4.3 Workload\'3A\line \line The ratio of 30\'3A1 is not an indication of workload as one lecturer cannot lecture 30 students from the beginning to the end of an academic year. As the programme is not yet offered\'2C it is a common understanding that academic staff members are currently lecturing other subjects. The annexure which was supposed to show more detail on the required number of full-time\'2C part-time\'2C and distance learning staff members\'2C was not submitted with the representation. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 4.4 Location of programme\'3A\line \line The Head of Department will oversee the programme as the programme manager will be based in Midrand. In its response\'2C the Institution has indicated that the programme coordinators and lecturing staff will be based on both sites to coordinate the programme. The details per site have not been provided. As per the annexure\'2C a Diploma \'2F Degree in Business Administration is the minimum qualification required. It is not clear how someone with a Business Administration qualification will provide adequate leadership on an IT programme. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 4.5 Technical support\'3A\line \line The Institution did not explain the technical support\'3B instead\'2C it focused on administrative duties and reporting. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 4.6 Administrative support staff\'3A\line \line The Institution has referred to Annexure L\'2C which has listed and described some administrative support functions that include qualification coordinator\'2C support administrator\'2C customer hero\'2C and examination administrator. It was indicated that  there is a coordinator at each site. However\'2C it is not clear if other support services are at each site or at the Midrand campus where the programme is managed by the HOD.\line \line 5.1 Roles and responsibilities\'3A\line \line On the lack of clarity regarding the roles and responsibilities of e-tutors\'2C lecturers and facilitators\'2C the Institution has provided an annexure. There is a description of responsibilities of the three positions referred to in the reason for non-accreditation. However\'2C e-tutors and facilitators are not regarded as employees or staff members of the Institution\'2C but as independent contractors who can provide their own facilities such a computer\'2C internet access\'2C workspace\'2C and any other office-related equipment. At the same time\'2C e-tutors may be required to mark students\'E2\'80\'99 assignments and examinations\'2C and this will be specified in an independent task agreement with its own remuneration. The role of e-tutors as independent contractors and their appointment requirements have to be clarified. The reason has not been adequately addressed.\line \line 5.2 Teaching at both sites\'3A\line \line The Institution referred to an annexure that was not attached. The reason has not been met.\line \line 5.3 At-risk students\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that at-risk students are identified after the score of an at-risk questionnaire conducted each term. The use of a questionnaire is not a known appropriate mechanism for identifying at-risk students. Normally\'2C students are regarded at risk after a review of assessments\'2C not a questionnaire. In this regard\'2C the Institution does not have an appropriate process for identifying at-risk students. The reason has not been addressed.\line \line 6.1 Formative and summative assessment\'3A\line \line The Institution remains unclear on assessment. In the Application Programming APPR211 subject guide\'2C the formative assessment counts 50\'25 and summative assessment counts 50\'25. In the same subject guide\'2C the Institution allocates 10\'25 to continuous assessment\'2C 20\'25 to venue-based and\'2For online-proctored semester test\'2C 20\'25 to individual assignment\'2C and 50\'25 is allocated to venue-based and\'2For online-proctored examination. The assessment structure above is not specific on the types of assessment tools used to assess students. The reason has not been met.\line \line 6.2 Weighting of assessment\'3A\line \line The Institution has amended the weightings of the modules in subject forms. The change mentioned is 50\'25 for formative assessment and 50\'25 for summative assessment. The formative assessments cannot have the same level of challenge as the summative assessments. Therefore\'2C they cannot be allocated the same weight. The reason has not been met. \line \line 6.3 Method of assessment in module outlines\'3A\line \line The information that the Institution referred to has not been provided. The reason has not been adequately addressed. In the subject forms\'2C the Institution has indicated that continuous assessment counts 10\'25\'3B continuous assessment is not a method of assessment required. The Institution has allocated 20\'25 weight to the venue-based and\'2For online-proctored semester test and 50\'25 to venue-based and\'2For online-proctored examination\'2C while 20\'25 is allocated to individual assignment.\line \line 6.4 Lack of clarity on summative exams\'3A\line \line In response\'2C the Institution has indicated that the final mark composition has been clarified in the new learner guides to be a 3-hour venue-based or online-proctored examination. The submission indicates that this programme will be offered as a contact mode programme. There is still no clarity on the online and venue-based exams. The reason has not been met.\line \line 6.5 Assessment and moderation policies\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that its assessment and moderation policies were reviewed\'2C and reference is made to Annexures N and O. Annexure N is not applicable to moderation and assessment\'3B it is about student guidance and support. The moderation policy is incomplete - it does not refer to the qualifications of moderators and the duration of their contracts. If policy is in place\'2C it is not clear why the HOD is responsible for granting supplementary examinations. The reason has not been met.\line \line 6.6 Supplementary examinations\'3A\line \line Insufficient information has been provided. It is not clear if students will be allowed to write the supplementary examinations for all the subjects with 40-49\'25 or for a specific number of subjects.The reason has not been met.\line \line 6.7 Processing of results\'3A\line \line The Institution has mentioned that the assessment and moderation policies have been updated\'2C and include the processes to ensure the validity of results and processing of results. It is the responsibility of the examinations officer to ensure marks are captured correctly. In relation to assessment\'2C the Assessment Policy states that the assessor has to record the results of the assessment in compliance with requirements of the department and Institution. The policy needs to be clear as to who captures the marks on the system and how. The reason has not been adequately addressed.\line \line 7.1 Venues for practical\'3A\line \line The Institution did not provide any additional evidence regarding the insufficient practical class venues. It has\'2C however\'2C indicated that\'2C upon enrolment\'2C students will be issued with a laptop with the required software installed. The software will be provided to students who opt to purchase their own laptops. The Institution needs to clarify in its marketing material that students will have to buy their own laptop with the minimum specifications. The reason has not been met.\line \line 7.2 Library facilities\'3A\line \line In addition to online resources\'2C such as EBSCOHost and Perlego\'2C there is a librarian and an assistant to help students. There are at least three copies of each prescribed textbook and one copy of each recommended textbook available. Each student will have a laptop. It needs to be verified that the library and required resources are available for student use. \line \line 7.3 Network infrastructure\'3A\line \line On the evidence for network or cybersecurity labs\'2C the Institution has again mentioned the issuing of laptops to students with the specifications of the laptops. All the practical sessions of networking cannot be done online using simulated activities. Therefore\'2C the lack of appropriate labs\'2C mostly for network specialisation\'2C challenges the expectation that the purpose of the programme will be met. \line \line 7.4 Equipped classrooms\'3A\line \line There is no evidence of the availability of equipment in the classroom. The Institution has indicated that there will be a desktop computer for guest lecturers in addition to HDMI and VGA cables for connection to the projector. \line \line 7.5 Exam venues\'3A\line \line The Institution did not submit any supporting evidence on the existence of examination venues. However\'2C there is mention of using the same lecturing venues for assessment. This statement would require verification during a site visit as it is not clear if these venues are conducive for assessment. The Institution has also mentioned that\'2C for distance learning\'2C examinations will be online. The programme applied for is not a distance learning programme. The reason has not been met.\line \line 7.6 Specific computers\'3A\line \line Upon enrolment\'2C students are issued with a laptop with the required software or they may purchase their own laptops for which the software will be provided. The Institution has provided the minimum technical specifications for the hardware such as 8GB RAM and 2GB Graphics Card. The reason has been met.\line \line 7.7 Resources for practical work\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that it will issue laptops and specifications for these laptops have been provided. However\'2C the laptop will not be sufficient for all the practical needs\'2C especially for the students specialising in Network and Security. These students will need physical network laboratories to learn how to connect the computers in a network environment and provide support. These practical sessions cannot be provided using online demonstrations. The reason has not been met.\line \line 8.1 System information\'3A\line \line The Institution mentions that its system is integrated with NetSuite ERP which manages the finance and sales side of operations. For students\'2C the myAIE Student Portal is used as a Management Information System for storing all student data with cloud access. There is a need to verify the available MIS system\'2C administration systems\'2C and student portal on how these meet stakeholders\'E2\'80\'99 needs. The reason has not been adequately addressed.\line \line 8.2 Administrative services\'3A\line \line The activities mentioned cannot be done in one system. Usually teaching and learning systems are separated from administrative systems for security and flexibility - one cannot have one system perform all the mentioned activities. Therefore\'2C it is recommended that the available MIS system\'2C administration systems\'2C and student portal are verified on how they meet stakeholders\'E2\'80\'99 needs. \line \line 8.3 Information fields\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that it captures various fields on the system pertaining to students such as demographics\'2C nationality\'2C contact information\'2C account payer information\'2C class attendance and assessment results. It can draw reports on students\'27 grades\'2C attendance\'2C academic history\'2C etc. There is a need to verify the existing systems and the reports produced by the systems. \line \line 8.4 MIS and marks\'3A\line \line The MIS is about marking the online assessments completed by the students. This view of the MIS reflects the challenge of the Institution in its MIS\'2C administrative system\'2C and student portal as it cannot relate the support provided by the MIS to its activities. The reason has not been met.\line \line 8.5 Sign-off on students\'27 marks\'3A\line \line The response indicates that assessments are done online\'2C and the Institution is not fully responding to the requirement. The signing-off on marks is a form of authority on marking. If each campus is independent\'2C the site could have signed off its marks\'2C which is different to sign-off that happens after marking. Therefore\'2C the Institution did not clarify the responsibility for final sign-off on students\'E2\'80\'99 marks. The reason has not been met.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Science in Information Technology \'28NQF Level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 The exit level outcomes do not relate to the assessment criteria in most cases. The assessment criteria are formulated as subject learning objectives. \line \line 1.2 The suggested exit level outcomes are for the compulsory subjects and electives for the three specialisations. Given that the application is for the \'E2\'80\'9CBachelor of Science in Information Technology\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C it is not clear how each of the three specialisations will be recognised on the certificate.\line \line 1.3 Students cannot be given a choice to study in distance mode as this application is for a contact mode programme. The Institution is not specific about the mode of delivery of the programme.\line \line 1.4 The prerequisites and co-requisites contain unworkable combinations. \line \line 1.5 Insufficient information is provided to show how the changes reflect the new total learning time. The application has a total of 95\'25 learning time\'2C and not 100\'25. \line \line 1.6 Insufficient information was provided for the revised book list.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2.1 The admission requirements should be consistent in terms of the qualifications and ratings for subjects. This includes national and foreign qualifications. Mathematical Literacy and Mathematics cannot have the same requirement of 50\'25.\line \line 2.2 The fact sheet for the new programme and the updated RPL policy were not provided. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3.1 The Principal\'27s employment with the Institution and the appointment date of the Head of Department are not evident.\line \line 3.2 The Institution did not attach details on academic staff and the workload allocation is not clear.  \line \line 3.3 The details of on-site programme coordinators have not been provided. \line \line 3.4 A Diploma \'2F Degree in Business Administration \'28to be a programme coordinator\'29 is not relevant to a Degree in IT. \line \line 3.5 There is no evidence of technical support staff. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4.1 It is not clear if the e-tutors are suitably qualified. It is unclear how e-tutors will address the needs of contact students as they will only be available online.\line \line 4.2 There is no appropriate process for identifying at-risk students and how they will be supported.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5.1 It is not clear how the types of formative and summative assessments address the programme purpose and outcomes.\line \line 5.2 Justification for allocating 50\'25 weighting to formative assessment and 50\'25 to summative assessment is insufficient. \line \line 5.3 The Institution needs to clarify the types of assessments included in the continuous assessment. \line \line 5.4 It is not clear why students will have the option of online or venue-based exams as the programme is in contact mode. \line \line 5.5 The moderation policy does not contain information on the qualification level and duration of contracts. \line \line 5.6 It is not clear if students\'2C with 40-49\'25\'2C will be allowed to write the supplementary examinations for all the subjects or for a specific number of subjects.\line \line 5.7 It is not clear why the Head of Department will grant supplementary examination if policy is in place.\line \line 5.8 It is unclear how the validity of assessment is achieved.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. A network practical laboratory is needed. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. The Institution did not clarify whether the responsibility for final sign-off on students\'E2\'80\'99 marks resides in Midrand or Cape Town\'2C nor the staff responsible.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}