{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 1st June 2011\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR123\'2FE025CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql MANCOSA \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doctor of Business Administration\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 10\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 26 Samora Machel Street\line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Management College of Southern Africa offers higher education programmes accredited by the HEQC.\line \line The purpose of the site visit was to investigate the capacity of the institution to offer the listed programmes at the higher level in accordance with the HEQC Criteria for Programme Accreditation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line MANCOSA applied for the accreditation of a DBA degree in 2008 which was not accredited. A new application for a DBA was submitted in 2010. At the AC meeting of November 2010 it was decided to defer a decision pending a site visit to determine the capacity of MANCOSA to offer a doctoral degree. The brief of the panel was not only to ascertain whether the institution has the capacity to offer the DBA but also the MBA and other postgraduate programmes in accordance with the HEQC Criteria for Programme Accreditation. The panel found that the institution was keen to meet the criteria but seemed to be concerned largely with technical compliance rather than engaging in the deeper substantive issues required to ensure quality provision and the necessary internal monitoring and evaluation quality assurance mechanisms. The panel was concerned to establish whether there was a critical mass of academic capacity within the institution to be able to conceptualise\'2C design\'2C develop\'2C supervise and assess programmes at this level. The panel found inconsistencies in the documentation and presentations and in the information provided by the different stakeholder groups interviewed. \line \line MANCOSA is accredited to offer 20 accredited programmes with 19 full-time academic staff members and 9 \'E2\'80\'9Cadjunct\'E2\'80\'9D academic staff members\'2C with a total of 121 academics across their centres to lecture\'2C support\'2C supervise and assess students. There is an average enrolment of about 300 students per year. The report discusses the findings in relation to the MBA offerings in order to ascertain the institution\'E2\'80\'99s capacity and readiness to offer doctoral degree studies. In considering the MBA offerings\'2C the panel had concerns in most areas. \line \line With respect to Criterion 1\'3A programme design\'2C in a comprehensive argument\'2C the panel asserts that there is a lack of coherence of the modules and a lack of integrative assessment\'2C together with a lack of internal capacity in curriculum development and a lack of academic leadership with respect to programme conceptualisation. The development of modules appears to be outsourced\'2C with the internal quality assurance limited to checking typing\'2C spelling and grammatical errors. The panel gained the impression that the programme was not sufficiently \'E2\'80\'9Cowned\'E2\'80\'9D by the institution in terms of its philosophical underpinnings as evidenced in the academics\'E2\'80\'99 interviewed ability to provide a coherent rationale for the MBA curriculum. The academic process is furthermore fragmented\'2C with most often different people contracted to write study guides\'2C others to run workshops\'2C others to set exams\'2C others to mark\'2C without any structures or processes \'28such as meetings\'29 to ensure overall coherence in the programme. \line The panel found that there is a lack of theoretical depth in the programme as evidenced in the programme design which does not make provision for progression in learning outcomes from one year of study to the next\'2C by the lack of a requirement to apply learning to students\'E2\'80\'99 own contexts\'2C by the use of textbooks more commonly used at 1st or 2nd year in an undergraduate programme. \line \line In terms of Criterion 2\'3A screening\'2C selection and admissions\'2C the panel had concerns about the current admission requirements about which inconsistent information was provided. While 60\'25 of the current students hold Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s degrees\'2C the management claim is that no student without an undergraduate degree or national diploma would be admitted\'3B support staff indicated that 15-20\'25 entered on the basis of RPL without meeting the standard minimum requirement. MANCOSA offers a Higher Certificate in Business Management at Level 5 as an access programme to the MBA at current NQF Level 7. Dropout rates in the first year are 65\'25\'2C and the pass rate for Quantitative Methods course in 2010 is 51\'25 which the panel finds to be indicative of inadequate screening of applicants.\line \line In terms of Criterion 3 related to staffing\'2C the panel attempted to clarify some of the inconsistencies in the information provided which are outlined in the report\'2C such as whether certain staff members were indeed full-time\'2C or in what capacity each was employed with respect to the programmes. Of concern is that the institution appears to be heavily reliant on the supervisory capacity of public institutions and one in particular. Of 18 CVs provided for potential supervisors\'2C 13 were from North-West University. There is limited research activity in MANCOSA\'E2\'80\'99s own staff complement. The panel was concerned about the academic leadership in both the MBAs and DBA as the role of academic coordinators appeared to be administrative in nature\'2C rather than being responsible for such matters as the quality control of research proposals\'2C appointment of supervisors and external examiners. \line \line With respect to teaching and learning\'2C the panel found that the learner support in the teaching and learning strategy was too limited\'2C with only 48 hours of support over two years offered on a voluntary basis. Assessment tasks were found to elicit basic recall of facts from a study guide rather than to assess higher order cognitive skills. There are few opportunities for assessment\'2C with typically one assignment comprising three or four questions based on a 2-3 page case study per module\'2C which counts 50\'25 of the final mark \'28with the exam being the other 50\'25\'29. There is thus no formative assessment\'2C and students appeared to be provided with \'E2\'80\'9Cfocal points\'E2\'80\'9D for the examinations. There are few systems in place to verify that assignments are students\'E2\'80\'99 own work. The panel thus concluded that the institution did not meet minimum standards with respect to assessment. \line With respect to research supervision\'2C the panel\'E2\'80\'99s concerns include that the policy does not make provision for a student failing a dissertation. Instead\'2C the Research Directorate of 6 persons who are not subject specialists\'2C plays multiple roles such as approving or recommending dissertation topics and approving proposals before contracting a supervisor\'2C appointing external examiners\'2C and providing assistance to the student in correcting a dissertation\'2C outside of the purview of the supervisor. The panel was concerned that in this system the possibilities for abuse such as ghost-writing dissertations are very open. The panel was concerned that given the lack of rigour and the fragmentation of the research production process\'2C the dissertations viewed appeared to be very narrow\'2C  and at an inappropriate level for the Master\'E2\'80\'99s level. The appointment of external examiners was also considered to be problematic in that they were generally business people who may also teach at the institution. The infrastructure and administration was found to be adequate. \line \line Overall\'2C the panel found that the institution\'E2\'80\'99s capacity to supervise quality research at any postgraduate level is very limited and it is not ready to embark on offering a doctorate degree. In addition the panel found that the existing MBA programmes \'E2\'80\'9Cmay unintentionally erode the quality of what has traditionally been associated with an MBA and thus bring the qualification and the sector into disrepute\'E2\'80\'9D. \line \line The panel thus recommended that the application for the offering of a DBA programme not be approved. It further finds that with respect to the MBA offerings\'2C the institution has not succeeded in meeting essential minimum standards that would ensure quality in its offerings and suggests that these concerns \'28Criteria 1\'2C 2\'2C3\'2C4\'2C5\'2C 6 and 9\'29 be brought to the institution\'E2\'80\'99s attention. \line \line The Directorate is in agreement with the panel\'E2\'80\'99s recommendation. \line \line The panel makes further recommendations\'3A that the institution be advised to engage in a process of recurriculating the two MBA programmes in line with HEQF requirements\'2C and not be allowed to enrol a new cohort of students in 2012 or before the newly aligned MBA programmes have been accredited.  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Doctor of Business Administration \'28NQF Level 10\'2C 360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be  \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The institution does not have the capacity in-house in terms of an appropriately qualified and experienced core of academic staff to provide academic input or leadership into the development of a doctoral level programme or a research programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The application of the selection and admissions policies in the underlying MBA programmes\'2C and the current teaching and learning approach\'2C suggest that such graduates will not have the necessary preparation to succeed in a doctoral level programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The outsourcing of almost all research supervision capacity undermines the institution\'E2\'80\'99s capacity to assure the quality of its academic offerings. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The teaching and learning strategy\'2C as evidenced in the current MBA offerings\'2C is not conducive to the undertaking of quality research\'2C particularly in relation to the lack of structured support from supervisors.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The policy regulating post-graduate research is inappropriate especially in relation to the role and function of supervisors\'2C external moderators and the internal processing of research work\'2C and insufficiently rigorous in terms of ensuring the integri\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\'2C 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}