{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th April 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1256\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Setanta College \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Sports Science in Strength and Conditioning \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Paul Roos Gimnasium \line Suidwal Street\'2C Krigeville\line Stellenbosch\line 7600\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Setanta College is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and does not have programmes accredited by the CHE. In the institutional profile\'2C the Institution claims to be an \'22Existing institution\'22 that is registered with the DHET and has accredited programmes.\line \line The Institution is applying for accreditation of the Bachelor of Sports Science in Strength and Conditioning which will be offered in the distance mode at the site of delivery situated at Paul Roos Gimnasium\'2C Suidwal Street\'2C Krigeville\'2C Stellenbosch. It is noted that \'22Paul Roos Gimnasium\'22 is a boys\'27 secondary school.\line \line The application was tabled at the Accreditation Committee held on 27 July 2022 and HEQC meeting held on 9 September 2022. The recommendation was that the programme not be accredited. The following reasons were provided\'3A\line \line 1.1 It is unclear if the Institution in South Africa owns the programme and its content.\line 1.2 The Institution indicates the Degree is a professional one. No evidence was provided of endorsement by a professional body.\line 1.3 The \'27Anatomy\'2C Physiology\'2C Biomechanics\'27 module is only offered at second-year level whereas first-year modules incorporate elements of these three subject fields.\line 1.4 The Institution has indicated distance learning as the mode of delivery while the module outlines indicate a hybrid model.\line 1.5 It is not possible to evaluate the content of the programme properly as the module outlines are not extensive.\line \line 2.1 The CV of the programme coordinator indicates that the staff member is not located in this country.\line 2.2 Seven staff members have been listed\'2C of which four appear not to be in this country.\line 2.3 One staff member does not have a relevant qualification to teach on this programme.\line 2.4 The workload allocation model has not been provided indicating the name\'2C highest relevant qualification\'2C relevant experience\'2C modules assigned and percentage allocated for academic activities per staff member.\line 2.5 The CVs of support staff \'28including specific staff in the admissions department and registrar office\'29 have not been provided. It is not clear if the support staff will be located in South Africa.\line 2.6 A list of tutors and coaches has not been provided. It is unclear what the job requirements are and how these staff are appointed. No agreements with coaches and tutors have been provided for the different regions.\line \line 3.1 It is not clear if there will be tutors in the different regions\'2C for all students\'2C and\'2For if these tutors are also coaches.\line 3.2 Students are required to attend the compulsory contact sessions in Stellenbosch - it is unclear if these sessions are conducted in all regions. The compulsory contact sessions have not been clarified\line \line 4.1 It seems that the Institution will operate from the Paul Roos Gimnasium High School and also from the Stellenbosch Academy of Sports. The Institution does not seem to have its own facilities and equipment. No floor plans have been provided for its own administrative space nor evidence that the Institution controls the site. The Institution does not have a valid OHS certificate for the Stellenbosch site. There does not seem to be a particular space from which it will be hosting the programme.\line 4.2 It is unclear which computer equipment is available to staff and students.\line 4.3 The Institution has not provided any information on regional facilities and gym partnerships \'28with teaching and support staff\'29.\line 4.4 The Institution has indicated that students will have access to EBSCO SPORTDiscus - no agreement or subscription has been provided. \line \line 5. The Institution seems to be based in Ireland. The Institution states that it will be delivering the programme in collaboration with the Irish American University located in Dublin\'2C Ireland. The local representation seems to be a satellite office. It seems as if most of the delivery of the programme will be coordinated from the host institution in Ireland. \line \line 6.1 Insufficient information is provided on the Management Information System.\line 6.2 The certification policy does not cover unique numbers for certificates and the reissue of certificates.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\line \line A Google search of \'22Setanta\'2BCollege\'2BSouth\'2B Africa\'22 illustrates a link with the Setanta Institute\'2C an institution based in Ireland. It appears the Setanta Institute offers an online programme\'28s\'29\'2C including a Bachelor of Science in Strength and Conditioning and has a \'22campus\'22 in Stellenbosch. A Google search of \'22Setanta\'2BCollege\'22 leads to the link\'2C https\'3A\'2F\'2Fwww.setantacollege.com\'2Four-courses\'2Fbachelor-of-science-bsc-in-strength-conditioning-south-africa\'2F\'2C and advertisement to study online in the \'22BSc in Strength \'26 Conditioning Pathway From Certificate to Degree Level \'C2\'B7 SOUTH AFRICA\'22.\line \line It should be noted that\'2C on 14 March 2023\'2C the CHE issued a letter to the Institution stating that\'2C \'22We note with concern\'2C that the institution is advertising this programme on its website\'3A \'28https\'3A\'2F\'2Fwww.setanta.co.za\'2Four-courses\'2Fbachelor-of-science-in-strength-conditioning\'2F\'3Fgclid\'3DEAIaIQobChMIyvm665Gr_QIVBcbtCh2K6gFeEAAYASAAEgJKDvD_BwE\'29\'22. The Institution was reminded of the following\'3A\line No programme may be advertised unless the following conditions are met\'3A\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The programme has been accredited by the HEQC.\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The qualification has been registered on the National Qualifications Framework\'2C and\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The Institution\'2C its site\'28s\'29 of offering and programmes have been registered on the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 Register of Private Higher Education Institutions.\line \line The Institution was informed that\'2C \'22Information on the programme should thus be removed from the website until the requirements above are met. Should the institution fail to address this concern in the next two weeks\'2C we will have no choice but to request the Department of Higher Education and Training to follow up on this matter in line with its processes\'22.\line \line On 20 March 2023\'2C the Institution provided a response indicating inter alia that it\'3A\line    1. Reviewed the information about the programme on our website for South African visitors\'2C and amended certain     \line    sections for complete clarity with a note stating that the program is not accredited in South Africa and being highlighting \line    sections about the delivery method and European qualification. Also\'2C we removed any information about how the EQF \line    system compares to the South African NQF to avoid any confusion. \line    2. Initiated contact with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29\'2C to discuss the necessary requirements \line   and steps to obtain registration for our programme within South Africa once we have hopefully been approved by CHE and \line   SAQA.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator recommends that the programme be not accredited.\line \line A summary of the evaluation follows below\'3A\line \line 1.1 The Institution has not provided evidence of ownership of the programme. The document provided is a lease agreement and not a license agreement with the college in Ireland. The reason has not been addressed.\line 1.2 The Institution has not provided evidence of South African professional body endorsement of the programme. The documents provided are inappropriate and relate to exam discount codes and a directory of institutions in the UK. The reason has not been addressed.\line 1.3 The Institution has provided evidence that the foundational elements of Anatomy\'2C Physiology\'2C and Biomechanics are integrated into various modules at the first-year level. The reason has been addressed.\line 1.4 Whilst the Institution states that the programme will be offered in distance mode\'2C the mode of delivery is unclear in the module outlines. For modules with a practical component\'2C the module outlines lack clarity on how these modules will be offered. However\'2C in its Teaching and Learning Strategy\'2C the Institution makes reference to contact sessions for practicals\'2C and makes provision for practicals and access to equipment. The reason has not been addressed.\line 1.5 The Institution has provided module outlines which contain details of the content of the modules and thus facilitate evaluation of the content of the programme. The reason has been addressed.\line \line 2.1 The Institution has indicated it is currently in the recruitment stage for new staff in South Africa\'2C including a programme coordinator. Thus\'2C the College currently does not have a programme coordinator for the Degree. The reason has not been addressed. \line 2.2 The Institution has not clarified the status of the staff who are not in South Africa. The Institution maintains that staff will be appointed after the programme has been accredited by the CHE. The reason has not been addressed.\line 2.3 The response from Setanta College is that the staff member without a relevant teaching qualification has since been removed from the programme\'2C and the Institution is currently working on recruiting an appropriate staff member. \line 2.4 The Institution has provided a workload allocation model for the first year of the programme. The allocation for the second and third years of the programme have not been completed. New South African staff members have been added.  The reason has been partially addressed.\line 2.5 The Institution has clarified that a staff member has emigrated from Ireland to South Africa and will work in the Registrar\'E2\'80\'99s office. CVs have been provided for this individual as well as the e-Learning Manager. Currently\'2C there are no staff in the admissions department. In the absence of having its full staff on board\'2C Setanta College states that the support infrastructure and administrative tasks\'2C therefore\'2C will be provided from the Ireland branch. The reason has been partially addressed.\line 2.6 The Institution has clarified that the lecturers are the coaches and tutors as well. Incomplete information has been provided on the coaches and tutors in the different regions. The reason has been partially addressed. \line \line 3.1 The Institution has clarified that coaches and tutors are also the lecturers and\'2C since this is a distance programme\'2C there is no need for lecturers\'2Fcoaches\'2Ftutors to be provided in each region. However\'2C the Institution does not address the issue of practical workshops which are conducted face-to-face. The reason has been partially addressed.\line 3.2 The Institution has not clarified the issues of compulsory contact sessions for practical training. The reason has not been addressed. \line \line 4.1 The Institution was unable to obtain an OHS Certificate for the Stellenbosch Academy of Sports and will therefore no longer use this facility. Regarding the Paul Roos Gimnasium in Stellenbosch\'3A This is the location for the Registrar and the venue from which practical training will be conducted\'2C however\'2C an OHS Certificate has not been provided. There is a lack of clarity on whether this venue will be available to students from other provinces. The administrative and support staff for the distance learning activities will be based at the Hello office workspace in Stellenbosch. The academic staff are required to be available online and\'2C therefore\'2C are not required to be in the operational space of the Institution. The reason has been partially addressed. \line 4.2 The Institution has clarified that it only provides laptops and computer equipment to its permanent staff\'2C but not for part-time academic staff and not for students. The reason has been addressed. \line 4.3 The Institution has clarified that\'2C since this is a distance programme\'2C it does not require regional facilities and gym partnerships. However\'2C there is a lack of clarity on the contact practical workshops for students in other regions of the country. The reason has not been addressed.\line 4.4 The Institution has provided an invoice for the annual subscription to EBSCO SPORTDiscus. The reason has been addressed.\line \line 5. The Institution has clarified that it is currently recruiting staff for the management of the programme in South Africa\'2C while the staff in Ireland will provide support for the academic component and delivery of the programme. However\'2C the majority of the academic staff who will deliver the academic programme online \'284-out-of-7 staff members in the original application form\'29 are from Ireland. There is no clarity on how the face-to-face contact sessions and the practical will be done if these are foreign-based staff. The reason has been partially addressed.\line \line 6.1 There is a student management system comprising the Student Portal \'28SP\'29 and the Learning Management System \'28LMS\'29. The SP contains the students\'E2\'80\'99 data records and payment details\'2C with all data stored and backed up in Salesforce cloud storage. The LMS is Moodle-based via Moodle Workplace Cloud that is stored and backed up through cloud storage.  The LMS contains the students\'E2\'80\'99 academic records. Both systems \'28SP and LMS\'29 are secured with password-protected login.  An e-Learning coordinator has been appointed in South Africa. The Institution does not have a registrar and quality assurance manager to oversee the Information Management System. The reason has been partially addressed. \line \line 6.2 The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policy and guidelines for certification \'28Addendum 6.2\'29 provide clarity on the numbering of original certificates\'2C as well as for reprints\'2C and the re-issuing of certificates. The policy specifically mentions that a new number is allocated to a student\'E2\'80\'99s original certificate\'2C to track the number of reprints and the re-issuing of certificates. The reason has been addressed. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be not accredited. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Sports Science in Strength and Conditioning  \'28NQF Level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 The Institution has not provided evidence of ownership of the programme. \line 1.2 The Institution has not provided evidence of South African professional body endorsement of the programme.   \line 1.3 The mode of delivery is unclear in the module outlines. For modules with a practical component\'2C the module outlines lack clarity on how these modules will be offered.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2.1 The Institution currently does not have a programme coordinator for the Degree.  \line 2.2 The status of staff not residing in South Africa is unclear. \line 2.3 The Institution has not provided a workload allocation model for the second and third years of the programme.  \line 2.4 Incomplete information has been provided on the coaches and tutors in the different regions. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3.1 The Institution has not clarified the issues related to the compulsory face-to-face contact sessions for practical training. There is no information on provision of staff \'2F coaches for this function.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4.1 An OHS Certificate has not been provided.\line 4.2 There is a lack of clarity on whether the venue will be available to students from other provinces.  \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}