{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 26th July 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR393\'2FE007CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Afrikaanse Protestantse Akademie \'28Die\'29 NPC\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of  Social Science Honours Psychology \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 132\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Die Afrikaanse Protestantse Ak\line 430 Farenden Street\line SUNNYSIDE\line 0002\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Die Afrikaanse Protestantse Akademie \'28APA\'29 is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes which are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is applying for accreditation of the Bachelor of Social Science Honours Psychology \'28title not HEQSF-aligned\'3B NQF level 8\'2C H\'2FPR393\'2FE007CAN\'29\'2C which will be offered in the contact mode at the site of delivery situated at 430 Farenden Street\'2C Sunnyside\'2C Pretoria. \line \line This application was tabled at the AC meeting held on 24-25 November 2021 and HEQC meeting held on 11 February 2022. The recommendation was that the programme be not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The programme seems to transgress HPCSA regulations that define the scope of the profession of psychology \'28No R 993\'29. Some of the modules \'28Psychotherapy and Psychopathology\'29 include descriptions and outcomes related to professional practice\'2C which is outside of the scope of Honours programme.\line 2. The promotional material is misleading in purporting that the programme will equip students with a range of applicable knowledge\'2C professional skills and competencies to practice especially within the South African context. This information is misleading and the true nature of the programme\'2C namely that it is an academic \'2F research degree\'2C is not foregrounded sufficiently in all elements of the application. The promotional material does not state that the programme will not prepare the candidate for a professional career in psychology or registration with the HPCSA.\line 3.1 Staff CVs were not attached to the application and staff competence to teach on the programme and provide research supervision in the research project could not be adequately assessed. \line 3.2 The staff complement will not expose students to a diversity of ideas as required at postgraduate level.\line 4. External moderators should hold a qualification one level higher than the programme being moderated and not at the same level as is indicated in the application.\line 5. It is not clear whether students will have access to computer and a discussion venue for group work or group interaction. In addition\'2C it is not clear what the number of texts in the library are that are specifically psychology texts. It is also not clear if office facilities are available to academic staff on campus.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The summary of the evaluation follows below.\line \line APA has made some minor changes in the descriptions of the two modules concerned \'28Psychotherapy and Psychopathology\'29. The changes mostly involve the insertion of phrases such as \'E2\'80\'9Cknowledge of\'E2\'80\'9D in an attempt to emphasize a theoretical rather than professional practice-based orientation in the teaching and learning approach of these modules \'28Reason 1\'29.   \line \line There is no substantive revising of the design and content of the qualification\'2C and the issue raised in the CHE letter that the academic nature of the programme is not \'E2\'80\'9Cforegrounded sufficiently\'E2\'80\'9D is therefore not dealt with in much depth. However\'2C APA uploaded what they call \'E2\'80\'9Cpromotional material\'E2\'80\'9D. In the \'E2\'80\'9Cpromotional material\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C it is stated that the Bachelor of Social Science Honours is a \'E2\'80\'9Cnon-professional academic research\'E2\'80\'9D programme. The Institution also included an improvement plan in which it is explicitly stated that the revised promotional material has been completed and now aligned with the academic nature of the qualification. According to the evaluator\'2C the Institution has technically addressed the issue mentioned in Reason 2 by indicating in a marketing page or brochure that the proposed programme is academic\'2C research-based\'2C and not professional in scope.  \line \line The evaluator states that the Institution has attempted to respond to Reasons 1 and 2 of the HEQC letter\'2C but challenges the credibility of the intended programme as an academic research-based postgraduate qualification in psychology. Four arguments were put forward in challenging the credibility. The first two arguments challenge the type of modules included in the Bachelor of Social Science Honours in Psychology. The Directorate needs to point out that\'2C except for the Christian Psychology and Traumatology modules\'2C the other modules are included in Honours courses in psychology at other universities in South Africa. Christian Psychology and Traumatology are in line with the vision and mission of APA\'2C and included in similar curricula in the USA.  \line \line The third argument is about the Bachelor of Arts degree with Psychology \'28at APA\'29 as a possible major that might provide entrance to the Bachelor of Social Science Honours in Psychology. The Directorate needs to point out that the BA with Psychology as major is a related degree that adheres to the stated entry requirements\'2C which thus can give access into the BSocSciHons \'28Psychology\'29. \line \line The fourth argument regarding the HPCSA\'E2\'80\'99s policy regarding counsellors is irrelevant \'28due to the commitment by APA to the academic nature of the programme\'29 and has no effect on Reason 1 or 2. \line \line The Institution has attached the CVs of six members of staff \'28two permanent and four contract academics\'29 and these lecturers have adequate qualifications to provide research supervision in the research project. The Institution now complies with this aspect of Criterion 3. \line \line Currently\'2C the two permanent members of staff are assigned to the following modules\'3A Psychopathology\'2C Traumatology\'2C Psychological Assessment\'2C Psychotherapy\'2C Christian Psychology\'2C Developmental Psychology\'2C and Systemic Psychology.  The fact that the two permanent lecturers are responsible for most of the modules in the programme means that students will not be exposed to a diversity of teaching styles and perspectives from lecturers. The Institution indicates in the representation that additional academic staff will be recruited and appointed when the programme is accredited\'2C but the fact that there are currently only two permanent staff members assigned to the programme is problematic. The Directorate points out that APA has committed itself to appoint more staff when this programme is accredited. \line \line The Institution specified that external moderators appointed to the programme must have an academic degree that is one level higher than the qualification they are required to moderate. This principle is in line with Criterion 6\'2C and APA therefore does comply with the aspect mentioned in Reason 4. \line \line The library catalogue is of an adequate size for an Honours programme in psychology. The internet resources include access to digital electronic databases libraries\'2C such as JSTOR and Academia.edu\'2C and these resources are adequate for an Honours programme such as this. The Institution mentions that computers are available for use by students and that these have internet connections. \line \line Regarding office facilities and venues for group discussions\'3A The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s comments suggest that there may\'2C in principle\'2C be sufficient building space to house the programme. However\'2C APA notes that the suggested building areas are currently used for student facilities\'2C implying that architectural changes may be required to establish the offices and board room mentioned.  \line \line The evaluator states that APA should be asked to provide a building plan of the planned alterations to show that adequate facilities will be available to house the programme\'2C and evidence that these alterations will be completed before the programme commences.\line \line The evaluator recommends prior-to-commencement conditions for accreditation\'2C but the Directorate recommends short-term conditions.  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of  Social Science Honours Psychology  \'28NQF Level 8\'2C 132 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be  \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The information on the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s website should clearly indicate to prospective students that they will not be able to register as counsellors after completing the programme. Evidence of this is required.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. A site visit will be conducted by the CHE prior to implementation of the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1-9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. A site visit will be conducted to verify the capacity of the Institution in terms of its resources\'2C infrastructure and facilities to offer this additional programme at the relevant site\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}