{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 26th July 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR382\'2FE014CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Oakfields College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Fashion Design Development\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus \line Lynnridge Mall\'2C \line Cnr Jacobson Dr \'26 Lynnwood Rd\'2C \line Lynnwood Ridge\'2C \line Pretoria\line \line East Rand \line Shop 7\'2C \line Lower Level\'2C \line Stoneridge Shopping Centre\'2C \line Cnr Hereford \'26 Modderfontein Rds\'2C \line Moderfontein\'2C \line Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Oakfields College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Fashion Design Development which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 28th of September 2022 and HEQC meeting held on the 4th of November 2022.\line \line The proposed programme will be offered at the following sites of delivery\'3A\line - Lynnridge Mall\'2C Pretoria\line - Stoneridge Mall\'2C Johannesburg\'2C East Rand.\line \line According to the Register of Private Higher Education Institutions \'28DHET\'2C 3 May 2023\'29\'2C there are currently four contact learning programmes offered at the Pretoria site and two at the Johannesburg site. Besides the addition of this contact Higher Certificate programme\'2C the following CL programmes \'28currently in process\'29 will also be offered at these sites\'2C if accredited\'3A\line - Higher Certificate in Make-up and SFX Design \'28outstanding prior-to-commencement conditions\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Graphic Design \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Fundamentals of Filmmaking \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Sound Technology \'28representation\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Photography \'28outstanding prior-to-commencement conditions\'29.\line \line The last site visit was conducted in 2014\'2C at the Pretoria site.\line \line The Higher Certificate in Fashion Design Development programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1.1 The Institution refers to \'22performing artists\'22\'2C not fashion designers\'2C in the submission.\line 1.2 The name of the programme must be changed to \'27Higher Certificate in Fashion Design\'27.\line 1.3 The explanation provided of how competences developed in the programme are aligned with the appropriate NQF level is not acceptable.\line 1.4 The total credits do not equate to the required minimum total for a Higher Certificate. The actual total credits for the programme cannot be determined. Redesign of the programme is required to address the shortfall.\line 2.1 For the Pretoria site\'2C only three staff members are listed to lecture on and support the programme. Not all academic staff are appropriately or adequately qualified. The full-time to part-time staff ratio has to be revised.\line 2.2 For the Johannesburg site\'2C two staff members have been listed that are both part-time. One staff member is also the programme coordinator who is responsible for lecturing several modules.\line 2.3 A detailed workload allocation model \'28with the names\'2C highest relevant qualification\'2C employment status\'2C years of higher education teaching experience\'2C modules allocated\'2C and workload with percentages assigned to activities for both campuses per staff member\'29 was not provided.\line 2.4 There are no details on student counselling services nor full-time qualified librarian.\line 2.5 The programme coordinator is not employed full-time. \line 3.1 The Institution has not elaborated on the practical part of the programme in terms of garment design and construction.\line 3.2 Insufficient information has been provided on academic support programmes for students.\line 4.1 The assessment regime\'2C particularly with regard to formative assessment\'2C is not clear and has to be revised.\line 4.2 There is no indication of the assessment of practical assessment.\line 4.3 The turnaround time for feedback on assessment has not been provided.\line 4.4 It is not evident that staff receive training in the development of assessment practices in higher education.\line 5.1 No details have been provided of the special equipment needed for fashion design and garment construction for both campuses.\line 5.2 The Institution has not listed library resources\'2C except for the OER Commons. There is no evidence of subscription to academic databases with subject-relevant journals and e-books.\line 5.3 The OHS certificates have expired.\line 5.4 Insufficient information has been provided regarding training in the use of library resources for both staff and students.\line 5.5 Library capacity \'28number of seats and study spaces at both libraries\'29 was not indicated.\line 5.6 The number of computers available at the Pretoria library have not been provided. \line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The Recognition of Prior Learning Policy and procedures are not in line with the CHE RPL and CAT policy. This requires review.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line Oakfields College submitted an application for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Fashion Design Development. The programme was not accredited for various reasons\'2C including programme design\'2C teaching and learning\'2C assessment\'2C staffing\'2C and resource concerns. The Institution has submitted a representation in respect of the non-accreditation. The evaluator is of the view that the Institution has provided sufficient evidence to address most of the concerns and recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions. \line \line The application referred to performing artists\'2C not fashion designers that is suggested in the title\'2C purpose and outcomes of the programme\'3A\line The Institution acknowledges that this was an editing mistake\'2C and claims to have made all necessary changes to the affected documentation. No evidence of the changed documentation was available with the representation.\line \line The title of the programme refers to \'27Fashion Design Development\'27 and must be changed to the \'27Higher Certificate in Fashion Design\'27\'3A\line The Institution claims that the name will be changed accordingly\'2C but did not submit any evidence\'2C e.g. a revised SAQA document with the appropriate title.\line \line The Institution did not explain how competences developed in the programme were aligned with the appropriate NQF level\'3A In the representation\'2C the Institution acknowledges that the fashion design competencies were not clear\'2C and agrees that more critical and practical skills should be developed in this qualification. The evaluator deems the explanation as acceptable. The Directorate does not support the evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s view. The Institution did not provide any evidence to substantiate that the competences developed in the programme are aligned with NQF Level 5. Furthermore\'2C the representation refers to more critical and practical skills that are required in the qualification. It is\'2C however\'2C not clear if these critical and practical skills require a change in programme content and outcomes. \line \line The total credits did not equate to the required minimum total for a Higher Certificate. The actual total credits for the programme could not be determined. Redesign of the programme was required to address the shortfall\'3A\line The representation explained that this was an error\'2C and listed the modules and credits. The Institution confirmed that the total credits for the programme amounts to 120 credits. \line \line For the Pretoria site\'2C only three staff members were listed to lecture on and support the programme. Not all academic staff are appropriately or adequately qualified. The full-time to part-time staff ratio had to be revised. For the Johannesburg site\'2C two staff members were listed\'2C both part-time. One staff member is also the programme coordinator who is responsible for lecturing several modules\'3A\line In the representation\'2C it is explained that the relevant staff will be employed as soon as full accreditation for the programme is received. The Institution argues that the appointment of numerous academic staff is not financially viable before the programme is accredited. The response included evidence of the recruitment plan. The evaluator deemed this acceptable and indicates that the Institution has addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line A detailed workload allocation model \'28with the names\'2C highest relevant qualification\'2C employment status\'2C years of higher education teaching experience\'2C modules allocated\'2C and workload with percentages assigned to activities for both campuses per staff member\'29 was not provided\'3A\line The Oakfields College academic staff planner was presented in Appendix A of the representation. This outlines the KPAs as well as how the hours will be allotted to the various tasks of each academic staff member. This document translates into the workload schedule.\line \line There were no details on student counselling services nor full-time qualified librarian\'3A\line The representation includes details on student learning support. The College has a health and wellness policy that was presented with the evidence. Furthermore\'2C the Institution explains that it offers scheduled workshops relating to health and wellness matters such as drug abuse\'2C stress management\'2C financial management\'2C time management\'2C goal-setting\'2C teamwork\'2C cultural sensitivity\'2C safety and crime prevention.\line \line In terms of the librarian\'2C the Institution explained that students are not fully utilising the library as many of the lecturers refer to digital references. Access to library facilities is managed by the academic administrators. The appointment of a full-time librarian is considered not financially viable prior to accreditation of the programme. The evaluator deems this acceptable.\line \line The programme coordinator is not employed full-time\'3A\line The Institution explained that the appointment of a programme coordinator on a full-time basis is not financially viable\'2C and states that the programme coordinator will be appointed when the programme is accredited. The Directorate acknowledges that it is not financially viable to appoint numerous staff before the programme is accredited\'2C but also notes a lack in leadership to develop this programme. The Institution does not have sufficient staff at this stage\'2C nor a programme coordinator\'2C to oversee the development and implementation of the programme. The representation frequently refers to a programme designer. It is not clear whether the programme designer is a staff member or independent person responsible for the development of the programme. The involvement of qualified staff in the development of the programme cannot be established.\line \line The Institution did not elaborate on the practical part of the programme in terms of garment design and construction\'3A\line The representation includes a breakdown of modules with outcomes\'2C and refers to the implementation strategy for teaching and learning. The information in the module descriptors is limited and does not reflect on the practical learning in the various modules. The Institution did not provide sufficient evidence of practical learning in this programme.\line \line Insufficient information was provided on academic support programmes for students\'3A\line The representation briefly explains that lecturers are the first point of call for students\'2C and also refers to peer support and external professionals\'2C such as psychologists. No evidence of institutional student support structures or mechanisms was provided to substantiate the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s capacity to facilitate effective student support.\line \line The assessment regime\'2C particularly with regard to formative assessment\'2C was not clear and had to be revised\'3A\line The representation included the institutional Assessment Policy and the implementation strategy for assessment. The evaluator deems this acceptable. \line \line The assessment policy and strategy document also addressed the concern in terms of the turnaround time for feedback on assessment.\line \line There was no indication of practical assessment\'3A\line Although the assessment policy and strategy\'2C and a breakdown of assessment per module\'2C were included in the representation\'2C the Institution did not explain the assessment of practical work in the programme.\line \line It was not evident that staff receive training in the development of assessment practices in higher education\'3A\line The representation includes a staff development plan with limited details to define the various staff development activities. The Institution claims that staff development is ongoing\'2C but failed to substantiate the level and suitability of the various training opportunities. The suitability of the training for higher education\'2C as well as the qualifications and expertise of facilitators\'2C could not be established.\line \line No details were provided of the special equipment needed for fashion design and garment construction for both campuses\'3A The College has an existing infrastructure as part of the current offerings. A dedicated space on both campuses is assigned for the Fashion programme. Counter space and plug points have been added. The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s response listed the number of classrooms and specialised equipment. Students will be required to bring their own sewing machines and will have lockup facilities available. The evaluator is of the view that the Institution has addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The Institution did not list library resources\'2C except for the OER Commons. There was no evidence of subscription to academic databases with subject-relevant journals and e-books\'3A\line The representation explains that both campuses have a small library space. The feedback from the Institution indicates that they strive to provide the students with sufficient relevant and up-to-date resources. Oakfields College is in the process of reviewing various digital library resources to determine a suitable online digital library. No evidence of subscription to a digital library was available.\line \line The OHS certificates had expired\'3A\line A new updated OHS certificate was submitted with the representation.\line \line Insufficient information was provided regarding training in the use of library resources for both staff and students\'3A\line Students are trained in using the library and the electronic resources as early as possible in their studies. An introduction to using the discipline-specific method of reference is included during such training. The academic administrators\'2C situated in the library on each campus\'2C are technologically resourced to assist students with their various digital searches. This seems acceptable.\line \line Library capacity \'28number of seats and study spaces at both libraries\'29 was not indicated. Also\'2C the number of computers available at the Pretoria library was not provided\'3A\line The Institution explains that it does not have large student numbers and there is sufficient classroom space for students to sit and study outside of lecture hours. The Pretoria resource centre has six \'286\'29 fully functional computers with updated software.\line \line As a note\'2C the Institution was informed that the Recognition of Prior Learning Policy and procedures were not in line with the CHE RPL and CAT policy. Oakfields College did not address this concern.\line \line The Directorate does not support the recommendation of the evaluator. The programme design includes design weaknesses\'2C specifically in terms of practical learning and the competences developed in the programme. Other concerns relate to staffing\'2C student support\'2C and library resources. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Fashion Design Development \'28NQF Level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 No evidence was submitted to confirm that the programme title has changed. \line \line 1.2 There is no evidence to substantiate that the competences developed in the programme are aligned with NQF Level 5. Furthermore\'2C the representation refers to more critical and practical skills that are required in the qualification. It is\'2C however\'2C not clear if these critical and practical skills affect programme content and outcomes.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The representation did not provide sufficient evidence of practical learning in this programme. Furthermore\'2C the Institution has not explained the assessment of practical work in the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3.1 The Institution failed to demonstrate leadership to develop this programme. The representation frequently refers to a programme designer. It is not clear whether the programme designer is a staff member or independent person responsible for the development of the programme. The involvement of qualified academic staff in the development of the programme cannot be established.\line \line 3.2 The Institution indicated that staff development was ongoing\'2C but the level and suitability of the various training opportunities\'2C for higher education\'2C could not be established.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. No evidence of institutional student support structures or mechanisms was provided to substantiate the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s capacity to facilitate effective student support.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line There is no evidence of subscription to an online library service.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}