{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 1st January 1970\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR034\'2FE059CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Regenesys Management \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Education Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 525\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Regenesys Management\line 165 West Street\line SANDTON\line  2196\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Regenesys Management \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the \'22Bachelor of Education Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'22 \'28title does not contain \'22in\'22\'2C thus it is not HEQSF-aligned\'29 which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 28th of September 2022 and HEQC meeting held on the 4th of November 2022.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. Specific options for horizontal\'2C vertical and diagonal articulation have not been provided.\line 2. The monitoring and assessment of students during teaching practice is not clear\'3A\line \'28i\'29 It is stated in section 1.10 that two formal visitations will be conducted during the students\'27 teaching practice in Year 2\'2C 3\'2C and 4. It is not clear whether this means two total visits over the three years\'2C or two formal visits per year of study.\line \'28ii\'29 It is not clear who will be responsible to conduct the visits\'2C and whether this will be for the purpose of assessment.\line 3. Given the specific subject requirements for specialisation in the Senior and FET phases\'2C the Institution is required to review the admission requirements and ensure that students offer relevant school subjects that support the specialisation in this qualification.\line 4. The staff allocated to teach this programme seem suitably qualified in the field of education. However\'2C the disciplinary knowledge related to the two specialisations is not evident. Therefore\'2C the Institution has not substantiated the capacity of academic staff allocated to the programme to lecture \'28and supervise teaching practice\'29 in the theoretical and disciplinary modules that underpin the two fields of specialisation.\line 5. The Teaching and Learning Strategy seems more appropriate for an online \'2F distance programme. The rationale for having both a contact and distance programme is not clear if no actual contact teaching is involved\'2C nor is there actual difference in the Teaching and Learning Strategy.\line 6. It is stated in section 7.2 that no special equipment nor a laboratory is required. Given the specialisation in Science and Technology\'2C the Institution is required to indicate how it intends to teach and demonstrate the practicals \'28e.g. in Physical Science\'29 without special equipment\'2C laboratories or software.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The programme title should be \'27Bachelor of Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'27 for it to be HEQSF-aligned.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\line \line The Institution currently offers 17 programmes\'2C including a Bachelor of Laws\'3B 16 programmes span the Business \'2F Management field up to Doctoral level \'28Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'3B DHET\'2C 3 May 2023\'29. If accredited\'2C this would be the first programme in the field of Education.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line 1. Articulation options\line \line The institution has provided sufficient articulation options for both horizontal and vertical articulation.\line \line 2. Monitoring of teaching practice\line \line Instead the institution affirms that monitoring and assessment of students will be done for teaching practice sessions across years 1-4 with respect to observations\'2C supervised teaching\'2C unsupervised but guided teaching. The institution on page 3 of 24 of its representation provides the details of what will be done across each teaching practice session. Only for year 4\'2C it is affirmed that there will be 2 visits from the institution. but it is unclear who will be doing this supervision and whether this will be for the purpose of the assessment or not. However\'2C on page 6 of 24 of its representation the institution asserts that the placement officer will be responsible for visiting each student at least once during the teaching practice in year 1\'2C 2\'2C 3 and 4 when student teachers are engaged in actual practice. Other than the above\'2C the remaining of the institution response focuses on what constitutes Teaching Practice for each of years 1-4\'2C and hence does not address the requirements of reason 2 adequately.It is unclear what the purpose of this visit entails. The institution must explicitly state with respect to formal visitations for each year\'2C where applicable\'2C the following\'3A\line 1. Number of formal visitations.\line 2. Who perform the perform the formal visitations where applicable per year.\line 3. Whether the formal visits are for assessments purposes or not. If for assessment provide summary of the details such as purpose\'2C task\'2C tools\'2C techniques\'2C weightings.\line \line 3. Admission requirements \line \line Other than the above\'2C the remaining of the institution response focuses on what constitutes Teaching Practice for each of years 1-4\'2C and hence does not address the requirements of reason 2 adequately. For the requirements for given reason to be met\'2C the Institution is required to review the admission requirements with respect to relevant school subjects that support the specialisation in this qualification.\line \line 4. Staffing\line \line As per excel spread sheet there are 10 part- time staff and 6 full-time staff that are allocated to address the aforementioned. The concern is whether in the long term the high number of part-time staff as per requirement of reason 4 warrant the sustainability and continuity of the programme. This ratio of part-time staff is 37\'25. The public university standard is between 35 and 41\'25 \'28CHE Pocket Statistics - 2015\'2C 2019\'29. The full-time staffing should be sufficient to ensure the stability of the programme. Hoever\'2C the institution must develop a staffing plan that shows which permanent staff will lecture\'2C and supervise teaching practice\'2C in the theoretical and disciplinary modules that underpin any set of two fields of specialisation. This is essential for the overall stability for the programme.\line \line 5. Distance versus contact delivery\line \line The institution asserts that the Teaching and Learning Strategy has been updated to clearly make provision for how the contact vs distance\'2Fonline delivery will be managed from a policy point of view. In this regard\'2C it claims that it has adjusted the percentage of contact mediation of content for both the distance and contact delivery mode. However\'2C neither the Learning and Teaching Policy nor its representation submission articulates this claim. On page 8 of its application under section 1.5 that describes learning activities\'2C it confirms that this programme is offered exclusively via contact mode with 30\'25 classroom sessions\'2C 15\'25 tutorials and 10\'25 syndicate groups. \line For the requirements of the reason 5 to be met\'2C the institution must provide more details regarding the Teaching and Learning Strategy suitable for this Bachelor of Education Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching programme which is declared to be offered via contact mode in its application. The institution has to provide a contact teaching model for this programme that clearly speaks to the percentages of learning activities allocated and to the nature of this professional programme. This model must also address all online activities. This includes WIL requirements. It must be clear that this is a campus-based contact programme.\line \line 6. Specialised labs\line \line The institution has clarified on page 10 of its representation as to what constitutes the technology modules for this programme\'2C namely. SP Technology I \'28year 1\'29 to SP Technology IV \'28year 4\'29 and FET Computer Application Technology. All of the practicals across all these modules deal with the physical attributes of a computer system and its applications. None of the modules incorporates science related practicals such as Physical Science practicals. The institution has indicated that it will use its a computer laboratory\'2C which has sufficient number of workstations with the current versions of software in tandem with a redesigned approach to teach and demonstrate the practicals related to the technology modules. This will be supplemented with online engagement activities related to the content and outcomes contained in the Technology module descriptors. In doing so\'2C the institution does explain how it will facilitate this for technology and CAT subjects across the relevant and applicable years of study.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Education Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching  \'28NQF Level 7\'2C 525 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line In order to ensure the stability of the programme\'2C the institution must develop a staffing plan that shows which permanent staff will lecture\'2C and supervise teaching practice\'2C the theoretical and disciplinary modules that underpin any set of two fields of specialisation.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution has to provide a contact teaching model for this programme that clearly speaks to the percentages of learning activities allocated and to the nature of this professional programme. This model must also address all online activities. This includes WIL requirements. It must be clear that this is a campus-based contact programme.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Critrerion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution must address the admission requirements in detail with respect to relevant school subjects that support the specialisation in this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution must explicitly state the number of formal visitations for each year of study and confirm what the purpose of the visitations is. \line \line It must indicate who will perform the formal visitations where applicable per year. \line \line Assessment within the teaching practice sessions must be clearly articulated.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'5BCriterion 1\'2C 5\'2C 6\'5D\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}