{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 26th July 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR096\'2FE021CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Cornerstone Institute \'28RF\'29 NPC\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training  Teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 1 Cedar Street\'2C Milnerton Rural\'2C Western Cape\'2C 7441\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Cornerstone Institute \'28RF\'29 NPC is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 25th of May 2022 and HEQC meeting held on the 15th of July 2022.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The purpose of the programme\'2C as stated in section 1.6 of the HEQC application\'2C is not clearly formulated nor aligned to the qualification purpose in section F of the SAQA application.\line 2. Teaching practice is based on three different modules that must be completed sequentially. It can\'2C therefore\'2C be assumed that Work-Integrated Learning includes some form of progression from the first to third module. This was\'2C however\'2C not clear from the submission\'2C because the Institution did not distinguish between the various WIL modules in section 1.10 of the application.\line 3. Section 5.3 refers to third-year modules.\line 4. The Teaching and Learning Strategy refers to contact and distance learning. This application is for a distance education programme thus the strategy is not clear.\line 5. It is not clear from which site of delivery the programme will be facilitated. Section A of the application states that this distance programme will be managed and offered from the \'22Main Campus\'22 in Milnerton. Section 5.2 refers to lecture facilities at \'22new premises in Sandown\'2C Cape Town\'22. \line 6. It is not clear if staff are suitably qualified to teach this programme in terms of the subject specialisations for SP and FET fields. The application indicates that the programme will provide for 23 subject specialisations \'289 SP and 14 FET\'29. \line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The CESM category allocated to the programme is not correct. The CESM classification provides for specific categories for Senior Phase and FET education\'2C i.e. 0705 and 0706.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\line \line The last site visit was conducted at 1 Cedar Street\'2C Milnerton Rural\'2C Cape Town\'2C in October 2022\'2C for the purposes of programme reaccreditation and relocation of site from Roggebaai Square\'2C Foreshore\'2C to Milnerton. The HEQC supported the recommendation of the AC and decided that the site at 1 Cedar Street\'2C Milnerton Rural\'2C be approved to offer eight contact and six distance learning programmes \'28i.e. 14 programmes\'29 \'28CHE letter\'2C 24 February 2023\'29\'2C with three short-term conditions stipulated as follows\'3A\line 1. The Institution must clearly locate programme coordination. The Institution must establish mechanisms to ensure effective and consistent reporting on programme management and where this role is part of broader management portfolios.\line 2. The Institution must ensure that its documentation reflects programme terminology that is aligned with its accredited and registered programmes as accredited consistently in all documentation.\line 3. The Institution must provide evidence that it complies with national requirements regarding the use of RPL.\line \line The Institution needs to submit evidence of compliance with the above conditions by 23 August 2023.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The summary of the evaluator\'27s report follows below.\line \line 1. Purpose\'3A\line \line The Institution has revised the purpose. The Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching is designed to develop teachers of two subject specialisations at Senior Phase \'28SP\'29 and Further Education and Training \'28FET\'29 levels. As it is a 120-credit qualification \'28as stated in section 1.7 of the application\'29\'2C it is difficult to see how this is to be achieved\'2C unless the total credits were raised to 160\'2C because the curriculum comprises 80 compulsory \'28non-subject\'29 credits and each of the SP and FET subject modules carries 20 credits. Inconsistency exists between the total credit allocation \'28as set out in section 1.7\'29 and the purpose of qualifying teachers with two subject specialisations in both SP and FET phases. The Institution needs to address this inconsistency. \line \line 2. Teaching practice\'3A\line \line The Institution has indicated that to obtain a broad sense of the diverse school sector\'2C students are required to attend three separate schools. Teaching Practice A is described as \'E2\'80\'98optics for observation\'E2\'80\'99\'3A They are immersed in a school environment\'2C interact with mentors\'2C school staff and an allotted supervisor\'2C and complete assignments based on observation. During Teaching Practice B\'2C students apply theory and pedagogy in a planned\'2C practical manner as a subject teacher. They teach lessons and assess learners\'E2\'80\'99 work. For Teaching Practice C\'2C students teach at both SP and FET levels in a more independent manner\'2C with attention given to classroom management\'2C assessment\'2C and design of learning programmes and materials. This reason for non-accreditation has been satisfactorily addressed.\line \line 3. Third-year modules\'3A\line \line The Institution acknowledges that this is incorrect. It has been replaced with a provision that a student\'2C who has not acquired sufficient subject knowledge in a chosen area of specialisation\'2C will be required to complete additional content modules concurrently. This is not consistent with the statement in the application \'28section 2.2\'29 that the undergraduate Degree \'28or Diploma\'29 \'22must include a selection of \'E2\'80\'9Cteaching\'E2\'80\'9D subjects\'E2\'80\'A6at appropriate and sufficient levels that will provide a teacher with particular disciplinary knowledge to effectively teach at SP and FET phases\'22. There is no information about whether such additional content modules are to be offered by Cornerstone\'2C and by which members of staff\'2C or whether the credits would have to be gained elsewhere\'2C nor is there information about the NQF level at which the credits would be awarded. An inconsistency remains between the admission requirements and the provision for admission of students who do not possess\'2C on entry\'2C adequate subject specialisation knowledge. This inconsistency has to be addressed.\line \line 4. Mode of delivery\'3A\line \line In the represention\'2C the Institution has argued for blended learning over time. Notwithstanding the credible arguments presented for the legitimacy of hybrid modes of delivery and the provision of other extraneous details\'2C the representation does not adequately clarify its response to the reason for non-accreditation raised\'2C namely that the application is for a distance mode of delivery only. The representation implies that tuition will be offered via contact\'2C distance\'2C and a hybrid multi-modal form. The Institution has to outline its distance delivery model and must commit to the fact that it has not applied for contact mode.\line \line 5. Site of delivery\'3A\line \line According to the representation\'2C there is only one site of delivery\'3A 1 Cedar Street\'2C Sandown\'2C Milnerton Rural. While this anomaly was not resolved in the representation\'2C it appears that programme delivery is from only one site\'2C no matter what the other site is used for.\line \line 6. Sufficient staffing for 23 specialisations\'3A\line \line The representation acknowledges that the staff listed in the application can teach \'E2\'80\'98only a fraction\'E2\'80\'99 of the programme modules. It is envisaged that the subject matter experts who assisted in designing the modules will be available as adjunct lecturers of modules that full-time staff cannot teach. Full-time staff will be teaching general educational aspects \'28history\'2C philosophy\'2C psychology\'2C instructional methods\'2C classroom practice\'2C education ethics\'29\'2C and all teaching subjects will be taught by adjuncts. Some of them hold a Bachelor as highest Degree \'28or B-degree and HDE\'29. In some cases\'2C qualifications and experience do not match the teaching allocations. Of concern is that\'2C taking into account the fact that subject knowledge is assumed to be in place on entry to the programme \'28achieved in an undergraduate degree\'29\'2C the emphasis in a PGCE will be on pedagogical content knowledge appropriate for a particular phase \'28SP and FET\'29\'2C and evidence of expertise in this regard is not uniformly evident. Evidence of adequate qualification and phase-relevant pedagogical expertise is not consistent for all teaching subjects to be offered. This applies in the case of some of the adjuncts whose CVs were made available. In the case of those whose CVs were not provided\'2C no assessment could be made.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training  Teaching \'28NQF Level 7\'2C 120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 Inconsistency exists between the total credit allocation and the purpose of qualifying teachers with two subject specialisations in both SP and FET phases. The Institution has not addressed this inconsistency adequately. \line \line 1.2 The representation implies that tuition will be offered via contact\'2C distance\'2C and a hybrid multi-modal form. The Institution had to outline its distance delivery model adequately.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. An inconsistency remains between the admission requirements and the provision for admission of students who do not possess\'2C on entry\'2C adequate subject specialisation knowledge. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The Institution has not presented a staffing profile that is adequate to offer a programme with 23 specialisations. In the representation\'2C it is acknowledged that the staff listed in the application teach \'E2\'80\'98only a fraction\'E2\'80\'99 of the programme modules. Some proposed staff members have only a Bachelor degree and others are to lecture in fields of specialisation that do not align with their qualifications. In the case of those whose CVs were not provided\'2C no assessment could be made. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}