{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 26th July 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH26\'2FE013CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Diploma in Health Service Management  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Molotlegi St\line Ga-Rankuwa\line 0208\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University is a public higher education Institution that has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for the accreditation of a Postgraduate Diploma in Health Service Management which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 28th of September 2022 and the HEQC meeting held on the 4th of November 2022.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The programme lacks coherence\'2C and the application lacks detail. It appears some documents are not final \'2F approved documents.\line The following issues require attention\'3A\line \'28i\'29 The information on learning and teaching is insufficient to make a judgement\'2C especially as there is conflicting information between the two curriculum documents\'2C viz. the \'27Module Information\'27 and \'27Module Outline\'27. The documents need to be aligned.\line \'28ii\'29 Evidence of the blended learning approach to learning and teaching is not apparent.\line \'28iii\'29 Tutorial groups or syndicate group sessions have not been included in the\line programme despite these teaching methods being relevant to a programme of this nature.\line \'28iv\'29 Given that students are taught evidence-based practice\'2C it is unclear why their assessment includes a research proposal.\line \'28v\'29 Insufficient information is provided on the development of learning materials. The budget for development of learning materials pertains to a research workshop\'2C rather than operational expenses of the Department.\line \'28vi\'29 Only six books are linked to the Health Service Management programme\'2C with one being outdated. In addition\'2C only one resource other than books is listed despite the availability of relevant material online.\line 2. It is not indicated whether the programme is consonant with the Institution\'27s vision and mission\'2C and forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation.\line 3. The Memorandum of Agreement and Memorandum of Understanding are not relevant to this programme.\line 4. There is contradictory information regarding entry into the programme in the\line different sections of the application. In addition\'2C the admission requirements need revision and should align with the HEQSF as the Bachelor\'27s degree in Nursing \'28R.174\'29 or Diploma in Nursing\'3A General Nurse with Midwifery \'28R.171\'29 \'2F Professional Nurse \'28R. 425\'29 will not qualify for entry to the programme.\line 5. The criteria for admission via Recognition of Prior Learning are inadequate and will not achieve assessment of th6.1 There is a lack of detail on how the envisaged Teaching and Learning Strategy is designed for a blended learning approach.\line 6.2 Insufficient information is provided on the various learning and teaching practices suitable for this field of study. e equivalence to an NQF level 7 qualification.\line 6.3 The information regarding the monitoring of student progress and at-risk students is insufficient.\line 7. The credibility of the assessment process and the Assessment Strategy for the programme is not evident as it has not been designed to incorporate blended learning. Additionally\'2C the assessments in the programme might prove to be excessive for a 120- credit programme.\line 8. The Clinical Assessment Policy is generic and not applicable to this programme. It does not allow for the assessment of practical management experience but requires a portfolio of evidence to be completed. No reference is made to clinical assessments. No guidelines have been provided for assessing the validity of the portfolio of evidence. \line 9. The relevance of the information provided under criterion 9 in relation to this\line programme is unclear. \line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line It should be confirmed whether the programme title should read \'27... in Health Service Management\'27 \'2F \'27Services Management\'27 \'28cf. the PQM and SANC letters\'29.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line Below follow a summary of the evaluator\'27s report relating to the representation of the Postgraduate Diploma in Health Services Management \'28H\'2FH26\'2FE013CAN\'29. \line \line Reason 1\'3A The programme lacks coherence and the application lacks detail. It appears some documents are not final\'2Fapproved documents. The following issues require attention\'3A\line \'28i\'29 The information on learning and teaching is insufficient to make a judgement\'2C especially as there is conflicting information between the two curriculum documents\'2C viz the \'22Module Information\'22 and \'22Module Outline\'22. The documents need to be aligned.\line \line A lack of alignment is still apparent\'2C and the representation document\'2C dated 9 December 2022\'2C is not clear on whether the indicated module names\'2C credit values etc. were attended to in both the two above-mentioned curriculum documents.\line \line \'28ii\'29 Evidence of the blended learning approach to learning and teaching is not apparent.\line \line Although the above-mentioned representation document confirms that a blended learning approach is used for both the online and contact modes of provisioning\'2C this information does not appear in the study guide.\line \line \'28iii\'29 Tutorial groups or syndicate group sessions have not been included in the programme despite these teaching methods being relevant to a programme of this nature.\line \line The Institution confirms per the representation that the \'22syndicate groups and tutorials are relevant\'22 to the programme and have been included as part of the teaching methods used for the programme\'2C but evidence of inclusion lacks in Table 11.3 of the study guide.\line \line \'28iv\'29 Given that students are taught evidence-based practice\'2C it is unclear why their assessment includes a research proposal.\line \line The Institution confirms per the representation that the research proposal has been removed and has been replaced with an evidence-based assessment method\'2C namely a portfolio of evidence. Once again\'2C evidence of inclusion lacks in Table 11.3 of the study guide.\line \line \'28v\'29 Insufficient information is provided on the development of learning materials. The budget for the development of learning materials pertains to a research workshop\'2C rather than operational expenses of the Department.\line \line The following is indicated per the representation document\'3A \'22Information was included in the previous submission.\'22 Neither the evaluator nor the Directorate could find\'2Fsecure the mentioned information. The institutional profile included as part of the original accreditation application indicates the budget for the support and development of learning and teaching is not applicable.\line \line \'28vi\'29 Only six books are linked to the Health Service Management programme\'2C with one being outdated. In addition\'2C only one resource other than the books is listed despite the availability of relevant material online \'28Criterion 1\'29.\line \line The representation does include a revision of the recommended textbooks and recommended sources but does not refer to any online and\'2For digital resources.\line \line With the exception of Reason 1 \'28i\'29 and \'28v\'29\'2C all other sub-components of Reason 1 have been met. However\'2C it is recommended that the study guide be revised to include the learning and teaching approach and the use of a POE as an assessment method for evidence-based practice. It is also recommended that students are provided with online\'2Fdigital learning resources \'28Reason 1\'2C vi\'29. Regarding Reaon 1 \'28i\'29\'2C it is recommended that the alignment of credit allocations are addressed and included in all relevant documentation and that for Reason 1 \'28v\'29 a detailed budget is provided for the development of learning materials.\line \line Reason 2\'3A it is not indicated whether the programme is consonant with the institution\'27s vision and mission\'2C and forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation \'28Criterion 1\'29.\line \line The representation clearly indicates how the vision and the mission of the Department align with the institution\'27s vision and mission. However\'2C the representation does not include how the programme forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation.\line \line Reason 2 has not been met. \line \line Reason 3\'3A The Memorandum of Agreement and Memorandum of Understanding are not relevant to this programme \'28Criteria 1\'2C 5 and 6\'29. \line \line The institution confirms per the representation that an application has been submitted to the GDoH \'28Gauteng Department of Health\'29 to include the Postgraduate Diploma in Health Services Management in the Memorandum of Agreement and the Memorandum of Understanding. The agreement is in a process of finalisation and the relevant documents will be submitted when ready.\line \line Reason 3 has been met\'2C but the outstanding MOA and MOU must be submitted once available.\line \line Reason 4\'3A There is contradictory information regarding entry into the programme in different sections of the application. In addition\'2C the admission requirements need revision and should align with the HEQSF as the Bachelor\'27s degree in Nursing \'28R.174\'29 or Diploma in Nursing\'3A General Nurse with Midwifery \'28R.171\'29\'2F Professional Nurse \'28R. 425\'29 will not qualify for entry to the programme \'28Criterion 2\'29.\line \line According to the representation\'2C the admission criteria for the Postgraduate Diploma in Health Service Management have been amended to be a Bachelor\'27s degree in Nursing \'28R.174\'29 \'28NQF Level 8\'29 or a Diploma in Nursing\'3A General Nurse \'28R.171\'29 \'28NQF Level 6\'29 with an additional qualification\'2C namely an Advanced Diploma in Midwifery \'28R.1497\'29 \'28NQF Level 7\'29. In addition\'2C a student can enter the Postgraduate Diploma with at least two years of experience after registration as a Professional Nurse or General Nurse and Midwife. The two years include community service.\line \line Reason 4 has been met.\line \line Reason 5\'3A The criteria for admission via Recognition of Prior Learning are inadequate and will not achieve assessment or equivalence to an NQF Level 7 qualification \'28Criterion 2\'29.\line \line As per the representation the RPL criteria have been revised to be\'3A \'28i\'29 An NQF Level 6 qualification\'3B \'28ii\'29 A minimum of three years of appropriate experience in Health Services Management\'3B \'28iii\'29 A portfolio of evidence with a minimum of ten Health Services Management related in-service training courses of not less than two days \'28signed by the provider or certificate of attendance\'29 and acquired within the past ten years\'3B and \'28iv\'29 Pass an assignment or test that will be set by the department and externally moderated.\line \line Reason 5 has been met.\line \line Reason 6.1\'3A There is a lack of detail on how the envisaged Teaching and Learning strategy is designed for a blended learning approach \'28Criterion 5\'29.\line \line Although the institution has confirmed that a blended learning approach for both the contact and online modes of provisioning is followed and that Blackboard will be used as LMS\'2C the information is not included in Table 11.3 of the study guide \'28also refer to Reason 1 above\'29.\line \line Reason 6.1 has been met\'2C but it is recommended that the study guides and other relevant documents be amended to reflect the mentioned information.\line \line Reason 6.2\'3A Insufficient information is provided on the various learning and teaching practices suitable for this field of study \'28Criterion 5\'29.\line \line As mentioned previously\'2C a blended learning approach will be followed. For example\'2C for contact learning and teaching interactive lecturing\'2C syndicate groups\'2C role plays\'2C etc. will be used\'2C and for online learning teaching Blackboard Collaborate will be used\'2C namely interactive lecturing\'2C discussion forums\'2C quizzes\'2C etc.\line \line Reason 6.2 has been met.\line \line Reason 6.3\'3A The information regarding the monitoring of student progress and at-risk students is insufficient \'28Criterion 5\'29.\line \line The institution provides adequate information relating to student support and the monitoring of progress per the representation. Lecturers will support students experiencing challenges and students will also be referred to the Centre for University Teaching and Learning \'28CUTL\'29 which offers mentoring programmes\'2C e-learning training and support\'2C etc. The Student Development and Support Unit works in collaboration with lecturers. Progress will be monitored by means of assessment results and if required\'2C remedial support will be implemented. Monthly progress meetings will be conducted to identify at-risk students and discuss relevant interventions.\line \line Reason 6.3 has been met.\line \line Reason 7\'3A The credibility of the assessment process and assessment strategy for the programme is not evident and it has been designed to incorporate blended learning. Additionally\'2C the assessments in the programme might prove to be excessive for a 120-credit programme \'28Criterion 6\'29.\line \line The representation provides a clear outline of the assessment strategy including both formative and summative assessments\'2C as well as an assessment of WIL. The assessment strategies have been revised to reflect a blended learning and teaching process. The formative assessments will contribute 40\'25 to the final mark per module\'2C whilst the summative assessments will contribute 60\'25 to the final mark per module. All the formative assessments will be internally moderated and all the summative assessments will be externally moderated. A proctoring system will be used for online assessments and Turnitin as plagiarism software. All assessment practices are governed by the Clinical Assessment Policy and Examination Administration Policy\'2C included as supporting evidence for the representation.\line \line Reason 7 has been met\'2C but it is recommended that all assessment information are included in the study guides and other relevant documentation.\line \line Reason 8\'3A The Clinical Assessment Policy is generic and not applicable to this programme. It does not allow for the assessment of practical management experience but requires a portfolio of evidence to be completed. No reference is made to clinical assessments. No guidelines have been provided for assessing the validity of the portfolio of evidence \'28Criterion 6\'29.\line \line The Clinical Assessment Policy provides for three formative assessments\'2C namely a portfolio of evidence contributing 20\'25 to the clinical formative assessment\'2C completion of a workbook\'2Flogbook contributing 20\'25 to the clinical formative assessment\'2C and daily observed clinical practice in the clinical area contributing 60\'25 to the clinical formative assessment. A rubric for the assessment of the portfolio of evidence is included in the mentioned policy.\line \line Reason 8 has been met\'2C but it is recommended that the format of the summative clinical assessment is described and that the information be included in the study guide.\line \line Reason 9\'3A The relevance of the information provided under Criterion 9 in relation to this programme is unclear \'28Criterion 9\'29.\line \line Reason 9 has not been met and should be attended to. The Institution only refers to the three policies included as part of the representation\'2C namely the Clinical Assessment Policy\'2C Examination Administration Policy and the Policy on Student Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure.\line \line Note to the institution\'3A It should be confirmed whether the programme title should read \'22....in Health Service Management or Services Management \'28cf. the PQM and SANC letters\'29.\line \line The institution confirms that the programme title will be changed to Health Services Management throughout.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Diploma in Health Service Management   \'28NQF Level 8\'2C 120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line A physical site visit must be conducted once the programme has commenced.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql All criteria\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line A revised MOU and MOA applicable to the programme must be submitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1\'2C 5 and 6.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line Evidence must be submitted of the alignment of module names and credit values of modules in all relevant documentation.\line \line A budget for the development of learning material must be submitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line Relevant information pertaining to postgraduate programmes must be submitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line The Institution must provide clarification on how the programme forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line The Institution must provide evidence that all relevant information pertaining to learning\'2C teaching\'2C and assessments is included in the study guide and other relevant documentation.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1\'2C 5 and 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}