{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 22nd February 2012\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR549\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Infomage Academy\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Business Administration\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 380\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact and Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 240 Blairgowrie Drive\line Randburg\line Johannesburg\line 2194\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Infomage Academy is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and is not yet accredited to offer higher education programmes by the HEQC.  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line It should be noted that this is a new higher education institution. The institution has its origins in an FET provider called Infomage Rims. The objective of offering the BBA is to broaden its scope of operations by serving its FET students at the Higher Education \'28HE\'29 level.  The evaluator stated that this is important to note because the institution has no track record of provision at HE level\'2C but sees itself as providing quality higher education on the basis of its FET track record. In the evaluation the evaluator had to base judgements on what the institution intends to do with no track record to back up any of the intentions. Secondly\'2C the evaluator thought that as a start the institution should refrain from entering both the distance and contact mode of delivery. There are fundamental differences in the two modes of delivery. For an institution that has neither a track record of delivery at HE level\'2C nor the infrastructure and capacity to do so\'2C the risk in attempting both modes of delivery is too great to be taken lightly. For this reason\'2C the evaluator focused his evaluation only on the contact mode of delivery. Even with this\'2C the appropriate recommendation is made that the institution must fulfil certain conditions to the satisfaction of the CHE before commencing recruitment of students.  Against this background\'2C the evaluator indicated that Criteria 1\'2C 2\'2C 3\'2C 5\'2C 6 and 8 meet minimum standards.  Criteria 4 and 7 do not comply with minimum standards. \line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the programme leads to a 380-credit point qualification at NQF Level 7. It has a purposeful set of learning outcomes intended to prepare learners for entry into the associated vocational environments as well as preparing successful learners for further learning pathways. In addition\'2C it is designed to allow learners to extend their vocational capacity beyond a single area of competency. Exit level outcomes have been grouped into fundamental\'2C core and electives as follows\'3B and is consistent with programmes which are being developed under the HEQF.\line \line To the extent that there is nothing to evaluate\'2C despite the credulity of the Implementation Plan for staffing\'2C the institution does not comply with the minimum standards. The Plan does not indicate actual staff projections over time\'2C for example in relation to the growth in student enrolment\'2C and what categories of staff will be hired in accordance with anticipated functional areas.  It is clear that the academic staff designated for the programme are adequate numerically\'2C and that they have relevant academic qualifications to deliver a quality programme. All\'2C except the one with a National Diploma\'2C have qualifications above the exit level of the programme\'2C and the required experience to be able to assess at the NQF Level 7.\line \line It is clear that Infrastructure and Library Resources is an area of extreme deficit in so far as the institution is concerned. The evaluation for this criterion is based on the fact that basic infrastructure and library provision for the programme is not in place. It is noted that the institution has submitted budgets purporting to show that if the programme is accredited resources are available to provide the necessary infrastructure.\line \line In coming to an overall recommendation the evaluator argued that without a track record of HE provision the institution\'E2\'80\'99s elaborate presentation must be viewed with circumspection. By its own admission the institution will only have the programme infrastructure and administrative staff in place only if the programme is accredited. Given the fact that the programme design\'2C policy documentation\'2C and intended plan for implementation meet minimum standards the evaluator recommended accreditation with a range of conditions prior to the actual enrolment of students. The Directorate supports this recommendation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Business Administration \'28NQF Level 7\'2C 380 credits\'2C Contact and Distance mode\'29\i0  be  \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The institution must provide a written undertaking that it will for now only offer the BBA in a contact \'28face-to-face\'29 mode in order to develop a track-record of HE provision. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The institution must secure contracts\'2Fagreements with the academic staff earmarked for the programme to ensure that suitably qualified academic staff are in place\'2C as indicated in the application. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. The institution must provide proof of adequate provision of programme administrative and support staff to ensure that appropriate programme support is provided. This must include plans to ensure that numbers of support and administrative staff keep pace with growth in student enrolment.  \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 4. The institution must provide proof that the physical infrastructure and other resources\'2C which the institution has undertaken to provide\'2C is in place before students are recruited. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 5. The programme is not accredited for the distance mode.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\'2C 4\'2C 5\'2C 6\'2C 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line 6. The HEQC will undertake a site visit in due course to verify that the required minimum standards\'2C to ensure a quality programme offering\'2C is adhered to.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}