{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 22nd February 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1190\'2FE016CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Academic Institute of Excellence\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Civil Engineering\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 373\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Foundry\line 1 Sand Hill Road\line Greenpoint\line Cape Town\line \line Main Campus\line 1 Oracle Close\line Halfway Gardens\line Midrand\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Academic Institute of Excellence is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution. However\'2C in the institutional profile\'2C the Institution indicates that it is an \'27Existing institution\'27. \line \line The Institution is provisionally registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a Private College in terms of Section 31\'283\'29 of the Continuing Education and Training Act\'2C 2006 \'28Act No. 16 of 2006\'29 and Regulation 12\'284\'29\'28b\'29 of the Regulations for the Registration of Private Further Education and Training Colleges\'2C 2007\'2C to offer part-qualifications in accordance with the criteria for providing continuing education and training as defined in the Act until 31 December 2024. The Institution offers three part-time qualifications in Engineering studies in N1 - N3.\line \line The Institution has acquired two private higher education institutions\'2C namely Greenside Design Center and Concept Interactive\'2C which operate as separate entities.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Diploma in Civil Engineering in the distance and contact mode of delivery. This programme is an application for the contact mode of provisioning \'28NQF level 6\'2C H\'2FPR1190\'2FE016CAN\'29. The application was tabled at the AC meeting held on 25-26 May 2022 and HEQC meeting held on 15 July 2022. The HEQC made the recommendation that the programme not be accredited due to the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. It is unclear if foundational knowledge is suitably developed in the programme at NQF level 5 to ensure a suitable knowledge base for students to progress through the curriculum.\line 2. The information provided is insufficient to determine if the programme meets the minimum curriculum content by knowledge area.\line 3. The study guides and module content outlines provide incoherent information about the programme\'27s graduate attributes. The information does not clarify how the graduate attributes will be assessed\'2C provide the criterion indicating how a student passes or fails an assessment of the graduate attributes\'2C and what happens if a student passes a graduate attribute assessment in one module and fails the same assessment in another module.\line 4. The programme design\'2C including the sequencing of modules and content covered\'2C is weak. The Structural Analysis 1 module teaches content that requires fundamental knowledge not covered in the programme. Certain content in the Structural Analysis 1 module is covered too early as the content covered requires knowledge from modules offered later in the programme. The Engineering Physics module is inappropriately named as physics is only one topic in the module. The Civil Engineering Management 1\'2C Civil Project and Civil Engineering Project \'28Capstone\'29 modules syllabi are not aligned with their respective module outcomes. The module outcomes and syllabus for the Civil Engineering Surveying 1 module are not aligned with the expectations for a module with this title.\line 5. The textbook list only provides recommended books with no prescribed books listed. The list is insufficient for students to learn structural design as no standards for loading are listed. The list includes 40 books and does not clarify how students access these resources if they do not have the means to purchase them.\line 6. It is unclear what the underpinning pedagogical differences are in the Teaching and Learning Strategy of the contact and distance versions of this programme. It appears that the programme and its implementation are in most aspects the same for the contact and distance programmes\'2C which appears to not consider the fact that contact and distance programmes require learning\'2C teaching and assessment strategies conceptualised explicitly for the respective mode of delivery.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator recommends that the programme should not be accredited. \line \line 1. The Institution has clarified that modules taken at NQF level 6 are in Year 2 and 3 of the Diploma and that if students pass all relevant prerequisite modules\'2C they will have the necessary knowledge to complete the programme. All prerequisites are indicated in the learner guides for each module. The concern has been addressed.\line \line 2. The Institution provided updated tables indicating the different knowledge areas as well as each module\'E2\'80\'99s contribution to the knowledge areas. It has also indicated the required credits according to the ECSA standard E-02-PN.  The concern has been addressed.\line \line 3. The Institution has clarified in which modules the graduate attributes \'28GAs\'29 will be developed and in which modules the final assessment will take place. The Institution has provided an example of how the GAs may be assessed and indicates that different GAs will have different types of assessment as applicable. The range of assessment types has not yet been finalised. The Institution also indicates that students need to be competent in all assessments of a GA in all modules in which the GA is assessed. The concern has been addressed.\line \line 4. The Institution has clarified that the programme design was bench-marked with other public higher education institutions and provided a rationale for the scaffolding of knowledge in the first and second years. The concern has been addressed. \line \line The Institution indicates that the knowledge acquired in Engineering Mathematics and Engineering Physics\'2C together with the concurrent module of Differential and Integral Calculus\'2C provide the foundational knowledge for Structural Analysis 1. Structural Analysis 1 provides the background information for Structural Analysis 2\'2C thus the scaffolding in terms of structural analysis modules is coherent. However\'2C if the work is not synchronized\'2C the knowledge the student needs from Differential and Integral Calculus for Structural Analysis 1 may not yet be completed. The Institution needs to clarify how it will ensure that students are not compromised in this regard. The concern has been partially addressed.\line \line The Institution has clarified that Engineering Physics is not pure physics but engineering physics and thus may include different engineering related physics topics. The content of the module falls within the broad scope of Engineering Physics and is aligned with the module name. The concern has been addressed.\line \line The outcomes of the respective modules are aligned with the relevant module content. The outcome of Civil Engineering Management 1 is for students to develop the skills of managing themselves and staff on a construction site. The Institution has clarified that Civil Project focuses on how to solve problems covering a wide spectrum of knowledge areas at NQF level 5 whilst the Civil Engineering Project \'28Capstone\'29 module focuses on the application of theoretical engineering knowledge\'2C predominantly taught in the second and third years\'2C to solve well-defined engineering problems at NQF level 6. The concern has been addressed.\line \line The Institution has clarified the module outlines and content for Surveying 1. The Directorate notes that the learner guide that was submitted with the online application correctly reflects the learning content in alignment with the outcomes. The Institution must provide the updated module outline document which reflects the correct \'E2\'80\'9Csyllabus\'E2\'80\'9D for Surveying 1. The concern has been partially addressed.  \line \line 5. The Institution has clarified that the list of books was incorrectly indicated as \'E2\'80\'9Crecommended\'E2\'80\'9D instead of \'E2\'80\'9Cprescribed\'E2\'80\'9D. A supplementary list of recommended books will be provided. The series of loading codes will be made available to students through the library and will also be available via the e-Library. Whilst the Institution states that students will have access to learning resources via the e-Library\'2C there is a lack of clarity on whether the prescribed books will be accessible through e-Library. The concern has been partially addressed.\line \line 6. The feedback from the Institution indicates that the programme that is offered in contact mode will also be offered in the distance mode\'2C with only the theory component being online together with online consultation with lecturers. The Institution has elaborated on learning\'2C teaching\'2C and assessment for both contact and distance students. For both contact and distance provision\'2C students will receive administrative support via the student portal\'2C email\'2C telephone or consultations by appointment. The concern has been addressed for both the distance and contact programmes. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Civil Engineering \'28NQF Level 6\'2C 373 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1.1 The Institution must clarify how it will ensure that students have the requisite knowledge  from Differential and Integral Calculus for Structural Analysis 1\'2C considering that the modules will be offered concurrently. The Institution needs to clarify how it will ensure that students are not compromised in this regard. \line 1.2 The Institution must provide the updated module outline document which reflects the correct \'E2\'80\'9Csyllabus\'E2\'80\'9D for Surveying 1.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The Institution needs to clarify whether students will be able to access the prescribed books  through the e-Library.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. The CHE will conduct a physical site visit to the Institution to verify the conditions and that the institution has the capacity and relevant infrastructure\'2C facilities and resources to offer a higher education programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}