{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 23rd November 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql  H\'2FPR049\'2FEXT BANK AVE2019_E030CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Prestige Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Commerce in Digital Marketing\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line Bellville Business Park\'2C Bellville-Main Campus\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line DJ Wood Street\line Bellville Business Park\line Bellville\line \line Prestige Academy Centurion\line 1021 Bank Avenue\line Centurion\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Introduction\'3A\line \line The Prestige Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a private higher education institution \'28PHEI\'29 and has programmes accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29.\line The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s programmes are registered for offering at the following site of delivery \'28DHET Register of PHEIs\'2C 20 August 2019\'29\'3A\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Bellville\'3A DJ Wood Avenue\'2C Bellville Business Park\'2C Corner Voortrekker Street \'26 Mike Pienaar Street\'2C Bellville\'2C 7530. \'28A\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Centurion\'3A 1023 Bank Avenue\'2C Centurion\'2C 0157. \'28B\'29\line \line The registered programmes are as follows\'3A\line 1. Certificate in Executive Secretarial Studies \'28NQF Level 5\'3B 120 Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 2. Higher Certificate in Graphic Web Design \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120 Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 3. Higher Certificate in Internetwork System Specialisation \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 4. Higher Certificate in Business Accounts Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'5D\line 5. Higher Certificate in Desktop Publishing and Computer Art \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 6. Higher Certificate in Film and TV Make-up Design \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 7. Higher Certificate in Photography \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 8. Higher Certificate in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'5D\line 9. Advanced Certificate in Communication in Photography \'28NQF Level 6\'2C240-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 10. Advanced Certificate in Graphic Design \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 11. Advanced Certificate in Photography \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 12. Advanced Certificate in Web Development \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 13. Diploma in Executive Secretarial Studies \'28NQF Level 5\'2C 240-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 14. Diploma in 3-D Design and Digital Animation \'28NQF Level 5\'2C 240-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 15. Diploma in Graphic Web Design and Web Development \'28NQF Level 5\'3B 240-Credits\'3A Credit Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 16. Diploma in Information Technology Network Integration Specialist \'28NQF Level 5\'2C 240-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C\'5D\line 17. Diploma in Event Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'5D\line 18. Diploma in Tourism Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 19. Diploma in Business Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'5D\line 20. Diploma in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'3B 360 Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 21. Bachelor of Applied Arts in 3D Animation \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 22. Bachelor of Arts in Visual Arts in Visual Communication Design \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 23. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'5D\line 24. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'5D\line 25. Bachelor of Commerce in Digital Marketing \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 26. Bachelor of Commerce in Event Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line 27. Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 8\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\line \line Application for Programme Re-Accreditation 2014\line The Institution submitted the following programmes for evaluation during the 2014 re-accreditation. The programmes were tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on 30 June- 02 July 2015 and the noted at the HEQC meeting on 02 September 2015.\line SER\'3A\line 1. Diploma in Business Marketing\line 2. Diploma in Tourism Management \'28HEQSF-Aligned\'29\line 3. Diploma in Business Management \'28HEQSF-Aligned\'29\line 4. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management \'28HEQSF-Aligned\'29\line 5. Bachelor of Applied Arts in 3D Animation \'28HEQSF-Aligned\'29\line 6. Bachelor of Arts in Visual Arts in Visual Communication Design \'28HEQSF-Aligned\'29\line Individual programmes\'3A\line 1. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF-Aligned\'29\line 2. Diploma in event Management \'28HEQSF-Aligned\'29\line 3. Higher Certificate in Design\'2C Film and TV make-up \'28HEQSF-Aligned\'29\line The outcome of the application for reaccreditation was deferred \'28refer to CHE Letter\'2C 23 November 2015\'29\'3A\line Reasons for Deferral\line The CHE will conduct a site visit in order to verify the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s capacity to continue offering higher education programmes.\line Aspects to be considered as part of the site visit included\'2C but were not limited to the following\'3A\line 1. The availability of student recruitment information for all programmes must be provided.\line 2. The coordination of assessment where a programme is delivered on both sites must be evaluated.\line 3. The sufficiency\'2C qualifications and teaching experience of the staff members is a concern\'2C as is the workload allocation model. During the site visit\'2C the sufficiency and qualifications of the staff members for all the programmes must be evaluated as well as the workload of staff per programme.\line 4. Although the policy related to external moderation is in place\'2C the implementation of the policies appears to be lacking. External moderators should not be previous employees of the organisation. During the site visit\'2C the implementation of the external moderation policy must be evaluated.\line 5. The notional hours in respect of assessment are a concern. During the site visit\'2C the percentage of time allocated to assessment as part of the learning activities must be evaluated.\line 6. For programmes on both sites\'2C the organisational structure varies and is not clear. For one programme\'2C no Co-ordinator is appointed. During the site visit\'2C the hierarchical structure of both sites\'2C as well as the functions of staff members on each level\'2C must be evaluated.\line 7. The library resources are not described in detail. Information is required regarding the sufficiency of the library resources for all programmes as well as the financial provision for the library on both sites.\line \line Application for re-accreditation\'3A deferral pending a site visit\line The Institution submitted the following programmes for evaluation during the 2014 re-accreditation and the programmes were tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on 26 - 27 July 2017and at the HEQC meeting on 31 August 2017. The o that the following programmes \'28refer to CHE Letter\'2C 11 September 2017\'29\line Be put on notice to not re-accredit\line Offered at\'3A\line DJ Wood Avenue\'2C Bellville Business Park\'2C Corner Voortrekker Street \'26 Mike Pienaar\'2C Bellville\'2C 7530\line 1. Diploma in Tourism Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 375 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE010CAN\'29\line 2. Diploma in Business Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE025CAN\'29\line 3. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7. 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE023CAN\'29\line 4. Bachelor of Applied Arts in 3D Animation \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE020CAN\'29\line 5. Bachelor of Arts in Visual Arts in Visual Communication Design \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 400 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE017CAN\'29\line 6. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 370 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE021CAN\'29\line 7. Diploma in Event Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE018CAN\'29\line 8. Higher Certificate in Film and TV Make-up Design \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 125 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE016CAN\'29\line Be put on notice to not extend\line Offered at\'3A\line DJ Wood Avenue\'2C Bellville Business Park\'2C Corner Voortrekker Street \'26 Mike Pienaar\'2C Bellville\'2C 7530\line 1. Diploma in Business Marketing \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 240 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE009CAN\'29\line Be put on notice to not re-accredit\line Offered at\line 1023 Bank Avenue\'2C Centurion\'2C 0157\line 1. Diploma in Event Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE018CAN\'29\line 2. Diploma in Business Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE025CAN\'29\line 3. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 370 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE021CAN\'29\line 4. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7. 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE023CAN\'29\line \line The Institution submitted seven applications for extension of programmes to the existing registered site of delivery in Bellville. At present\'2C the programmes are on offer at the Centurion site.\line The following programmes have been included in these applications for an extension. The programme-specific details and reaccreditation status of the programme are listed below\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Graphic Web Design \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C HEQSF-aligned as 125 credits\'2F Institution listed 128 credits in its application \'E2\'80\'93 TBC\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FK001CAN\'29\line \line Previous Relocations\'2FExtensions \line The Institution applied for relocation and extensions of the new site of delivery on the 2nd May 2019 for seven HEQSF aligned programmes\'2C \'28CHE letter dated 28 June 2019 to 1023 Bank Avenue Centurion i.e.\line 1. Higher Certificate in Graphic Web Design \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C HEQSF-aligned as 125 credits\'2F Institution listed 128 credits in its application \'E2\'80\'93 TBC\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FK001CAN\'29 \line 2. Higher Certificate in Internetwork Systems Specialisation \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C HEQSF-aligned as 125 credits\'2F Institution listed 128 credits in its application \'E2\'80\'93 TBC\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPRO49\'2FK004CAN\'29 \line 3. Higher Certificate in Desktop Publishing and Computer Art \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C HEQSF-aligned as 125 credits\'2F Institution listed 128 credits \'E2\'80\'93 TBC\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FK005CAN\'29 \line 4. Diploma in Tourism Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 375 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE019CAN\'29 \line 5. Diploma in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 375 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE022CAN\'29 \line 6. Bachelor of Commerce in Digital Marketing \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE030CAN\'29 \line 7. Bachelor of Commerce in Event Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C accredited at 380 credits\'2F Institution listed 360 credits in its application - TBC\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE039CAN\'29 \line \line The application was approved with two short term conditions as follows\'3A\line Short-term\line 1. The Institution must submit a list of programmes indicating the modules and staff teaching on the modules once students are enrolled in the programme. The CVs of the staff concerned \'28including the programme coordinator\'29 should be included \'28Criteria 3\'2C 10\'29.  \line Short term\line 2. The Institution should confirm the number of credits where a discrepancy has been indicated for programmes included in this application.\line \line The Institution was also urged to ensure that the intent to relocate the site of delivery is communicated to all prospective students prior to enrolment. \line \line Site visits\line The recent site visit was conducted on 27 September 2019 AND 3 October 2019 at Bellville\'3A Bellville Business Park\'2C DJ Wood Street\'2C Bellville\'2C 7530\'2C Centurion\'3A 1023 Bank Avenue\'2C Centurion\'2C 0157\line The purpose of the site visit was to verify capacity in terms of extension of the following programmes to the aforementioned site\'3A\line 1. Diploma in Tourism Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 375 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE010CAN\'29\line 2. Diploma in Business Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE025CAN\'29\line 3. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7. 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE023CAN\'29\line 4. Bachelor of Applied Arts in 3D Animation \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE020CAN\'29\line 5. Bachelor of Arts in Visual Arts in Visual Communication Design \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 400 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE017CAN\'29\line 6. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 370 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE021CAN\'29\line 7. Diploma in Event Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE018CAN\'29\line 8. Higher Certificate in Film and TV Make-up Design \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 125 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE016CAN\'29\line \line 1. Diploma in Event Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE018CAN\'29\line 2. Diploma in Business Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE025CAN\'29\line 3. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 370 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE021CAN\'29\line 4. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7. 365 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR049\'2FE023CAN\'29\line Previous Site visits\'3A\line Site visits were conducted on the following dates\'3A\line \'E2\'80\'A2 7 August 2013 \line i. Site visited\'3A New\'2F Additional site at 1023 Bank Avenue\'2C Centurion\'2C 0157\line ii. Purpose of the site visit\'3A Verify capacity in terms of extension of the following programmes to the aforementioned site\'3A\line a. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing\line b. Diploma in Event Management\line iii. Outcome of the site visit\'3A The site\'2C and extension of programmes\'2C was approved with the following conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 14 January 2014\'29.\line Prior to commencement\line As accreditation is conferred on a specific Institution as a legal entity\'2C the Institution is required to provide a satisfactory account of the system of governance at Prestige Academy. This account should also clarify the nature of contractual agreements and working relationships between Prestige Academy\'2C Centurion Academy\'2C and IQ Academy.\line Short term\line Adequate processes should be put in place for the appointment of external examiners\'2F moderators.\line NOTE\'3A Both programmes are currently registered for offering at the Centurion site.\line \'E2\'80\'A2 1 and 6 June 2016 \'28CHE letter\'2C 20 May 2016\'29\line i. Sites visited\'3A Prestige Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd sites of delivery at DJ Wood Avenue\'2C Bellville Business Park\'2C Corner Voortrekker Street \'26 Mike Pienaar\'2C Bellville\'2C 7530 and 1023 Bank Avenue\'2C Centurion\'2C 0157.\line ii. Purpose of the site visit\'3A Site visit linked to accreditation and extension of programme\'2Fs.\line a. Accreditation of the Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Business Marketing \'28H\'2FPR049\'2FE033CAN\'29 \'E2\'80\'93 accredited with the condition of a site visit.\line b. Application for extension of the programme to an existing site\'3A Conditional approval of the extension of the Diploma in Business Management to the Centurion site.\line \line \'E2\'80\'A2 16 and 18 May 2019 \'28CHE letter\'2C 9 April 2018 revised 26 April 2018\'29\line i. Sites visited\'3A Prestige Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd sites of delivery at DJ Wood Avenue\'2C Bellville Business Park\'2C Corner Voortrekker Street \'26 Mike Pienaar\'2C Bellville\'2C 7530 and 1023 Bank Avenue\'2C Centurion\'2C 0157.\line ii. Purpose of site visit\'3A To verify institutional capacity\'2C implementation of the improvement plan and that reasons linked to the application for 2015 reaccreditation and HEQC decision \'28meeting of 31 August 2017\'29 that eight HEQSF-aligned programmes be put on notice to not re-accredit and one non-HEQSF aligned programme be put on notice to not extend had been addressed. \line \line The following programmes are currently registered for offering at the Centurion site of delivery \'28DHET Register of PHEIs\'29\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Business Accounts Administration\line 2. Higher Certificate in Business Marketing\line 3. Diploma in Event Management\line 4. Diploma in Business Management\line 5. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing\line 6. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management.\line 7. \line Conclusion\'3A \line As stated\'2C seven applications for extension of programmes to the registered Centurion site have been received. All seven applications will be considered\'2C and it should be determined whether the site has the capacity to accommodate an additional seven programmes. The applications will be subject to the peer-review process. The summary of the evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report and recommendation follows.\line Application for new\'2Fadditional site of delivery\line \line The Institution has submitted an application for extension of programmes to a new site of delivery. The Institution wishes to relocate their Centurion site from 1021 Bank Avenue to 1023 Bank Avenue\line The following programmes have been included in the application\'3A\line 1. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management - H\'2FPR049\'2FE023CAN   \line 2. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing - H\'2FPR049\'2FE021CAN  \line 3. Diploma in Business Management - H\'2FPR049\'2FE049CAN                     \line 4. Diploma in Event Management -H\'2FPR049\'2FE018CAN                   \line 5. Higher Certificate in Business Accounts Administration - H\'2FPR049\'2FK003CAN                  \line 6. Higher Certificate in Business Marketing - H\'2FPR049\'2FE028CAN  \line 7. Bachelor of Commerce in Digital Marketing - H\'2FPR049\'2FE030CAN                    \line 8. Bachelor of Commerce in Event Management -H\'2FPR049\'2FE039CAN\line 9. Diploma in Tourism Management -H\'2FPR049\'2FE019CAN \line 10. Higher Certificate in Graphic Web Design - H\'2FPR049\'2FK001CAN   \line 11. Higher Certificate in Internetwork System Specialisation -H\'2FPRO49\'2FK004CAN \line \line The following programmes are currently registered for offering at the Centurion site of delivery \'28DHET Register of PHEIs\'29\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Business Accounts Administration\line 2. Higher Certificate in Business Marketing\line 3. Diploma in Event Management\line 4. Diploma in Business Management\line 5. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing\line 6. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management.\line Conclusion\'3A \line As stated\'2C an application for relocation of programmes to the new site \'28from 1021 Bank Avenue to 1023 Bank Avenue Centurion\'29 have been received. \line NOTE\'3A \line The Institution has submitted documents in support of its application.\line The documentation was submitted for peer review. The summary of the evaluation and recommendation follow.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line SUMMARY OF EVALUATOR\'E2\'80\'99S REPORT\line \line In previous communication between the CHE and Prestige regarding application for extension of programmes to an existing site of delivery\'2C the CHE recommended that the institution should reconsider the extension of programmes until a new site of delivery was approved. The current site was shared with Centurion Academy causing a number of concerns to the CHE as infrastructure such as libraries and IT facilities were shared raising concerns regarding the ownership of these facilities. The latter is the reason for Prestige submitting this application for the relocation of the campus to the new site in Bank Avenue. \line The proposed new site is in close proximity of the present site in Bank Street and students and staff will be able to relocate to the new premises with little or no inconvenience. Prestige has submitted the lease agreement of the new site commencing on 1 January 2020 \'28Annexure 2A\'29. The new premises housed in a double storied building and is 801m\'C2\'B2 in size. The premises offer 9 classrooms of varying sizes each equipped with a white board\'2C data projector and PC and internet access. Provision is also made for a computer room\'2FIT lab with 24 computers\'2C internet access\'2C data projector and white board and pull-down screen.  There is also a resource centre with sixteen workstations and bookshelves and printer facilities. Office space is provided for administrative staff\'2C management and workstations for academics and a cafeteria for the use of students and staff \'28Annexure 3\'29.\line Prestige will use the same academics that is currently offering the programmes and their CVs were included showing that they meet the requirements for offering the various programmes \'28Annexure 25-35\'29. The same staff development initiatives will be continued at the new site and the same recruitment and employment policies will be used. The same workload allocation will be used as the same staff will continue to offer the same programmes. \line Prestige Academy also confirmed that the same programmes accredited and appearing of the DHET Register for the site will be offered using the same policies and procedures for recruitment\'2C selection\'2C teaching and learning and assessment. The same quality assurance procedures and practices will be continued to be used after the relocation to the new site. \line Prestige Academy has also submitted a valid Occupational Health and Safety Certificate for the new premises \'28Annexure 2C\'29.\line \line The new site complies with the requirements of offering quality higher education programmes and should be approved and the programmes extended to the new site.  \line \line The Directorate recommends that the site at 1021 Bank Avenue Centurion 0157 be approved for the offering of higher education programmes and that the following programmes be extended to be offered at the site\'3A  \line 1. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management \'28NQF 7\'2C 365 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29  \line 2. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing \'28NQF 7\'2C 370 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line 3. Diploma in Business Management \'28NQF 6\'2C 365 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29 \line 4. Diploma in Event Management \'28NQF 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line 5. Higher Certificate in Business Accounts Administration \'28NQF 5\'2C 128 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line 6. Higher Certificate in Business Marketing \'28NQF 5\'2C 125 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line 7. Bachelor of Commerce in Digital Marketing \'28NQF 7\'2C 365 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line 8. Bachelor of Commerce in Event Management \'28NQF 7\'2C 380 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line 9. Diploma in Tourism Management \'28NQF 6\'2C 375 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line 10. Higher Certificate in Graphic Web Design \'28NQF 5\'2C 128 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line 11. Higher Certificate in Internetwork System Specialisation \'28NQF 5\'2C 128 credits\'2C HEQSF aligned\'2C contact\'29\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Prestige Academy Centurion\'2C 1021 Bank AvenueCenturion\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Approved \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 1. The CHE will conduct a site visit in due course to determine if the site has the required capacity and infrastructure to offer the suite of programmes extended to the site.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criteria 1-19\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql No program offerings permitted\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}