{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 22nd February 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1244\'2FRelo_Centurion_Oct2022\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Stadio Pty Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Business Information Systems\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line Pretoria-Montana\line \line Higher Certificate in Software Development\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line Pretoria-Montana\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact and Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Henwood Road Campus\line 61 Henwood Road Morningside Durban 4001. \line \line \line Musgrave Campus\'2C Durban\line 75 Silverton Road\line Musgrave\line Durban\line 4001\line \line STADIO Centurion Campus\line Erf 3151 Highveld\line Panfluit Street\line Eco Park\line Centurion\line \line Montana\line 1037-1045 Besembiesie Road\'2C Montana Park\line \line Waterfall\line Erf 2740\'2C Waterfall Estate\'2C Maxwell Drive Midrand\'2C 1683\line \line Johannesburg\line 6 Eileen Road\line Cnr Geneva Road\line Blairgowrie\line 2194\line \line Hatfield\line 367 Hilda St\line Hatfield\line Pretoria\line \line Krugersdorp\line Plot 10\line R28 Service Road\line Diswilmar\line Krugersdorp\line \line Main Campus\line Office 101\line The Village Square\line Corners Oxford and Queen Streets\line Durbanville\line Cape Town\line South Africa\line 7550\line \line Belville\line DJ Wood Avenue\'2C Bellville Business Park\'2C Corner Voortrekker Street \'26 Mike Pienaar Street\'2C Bellville\'2C 7530\line \line Centurion\line 1021 Bank Avenue\'2C Centurion\'2C 0046\line \line Main Campus\line DJ Wood Street\line Bellville Business Park\line Bellville\line \line Prestige Academy Centurion\line 1021 Bank Avenue\line Centurion\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Stadio \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line Stadio \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is approved to offer a total of 52 programmes across nine sites of delivery. \line The Centurion site is currently approved to offer the following programmes\'3A \'28DHET Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'2C 10 October 2022\'29\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Business Accounts Administration HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 2. Higher Certificate in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 3. Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing Practice \'28L\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF leve5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BF\'2C E\'2C G\'2C H\'5D\line 4. Higher Certificate in Pre-School Education \'28S\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BB\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'5D\line 5. Diploma in Business Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 6. Diploma in Event Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 7. Diploma in Tourism Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 8. Advanced Diploma in Technical and Vocational Training \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BF\'5D\line 9. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 10. Bachelor of Commerce in Business Marketing \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 11. Bachelor of Commerce in Digital Marketing \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 12. Bachelor of Commerce in Project Management \'28P\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line 13. Bachelor of Education in Foundation Phase Teaching \'28S\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 480-Credits\'3A Contact \'5BB\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'5D Distance Mode \'5BB\'5D\line 14. Bachelor of Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching \'28S\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 480-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5B B\'2C D\'2C F\'5D Distance Mode \'5BB\'5D\line 15. Bachelor of Information Technology in Web Design and Development \'28P\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D\line \line Application for relocation of accredited programmes to existing site of delivery \line The Stadio \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is currently applying for relocation of programmes to the site in Centurion\'2C Erf 3151 Highveld X113Panfluit Street\'2C Eco Park Centurion site. The Institution included the following programmes in the application\'3A        \line 1. Bachelor of Business Information Systems \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1244\'2FE004CAN\'29\line 2.  Higher Certificate in Software Development \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1244\'2FE005CAN\'29\'29                                                                  \line \line Accreditation Status of the Programmes to be extended\'3A\line 1. Bachelor of Business Information Systems \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1244\'2FE004CAN\'29\'3A The application for accreditation first served at the meeting of the Accreditation Committee \'28AC\'29 held on 24 and 25 November 2021 and the Higher Education Quality Committee \'28HEQC\'29 meeting held 11 February 2022. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the Bachelor of Business Information Systems \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1244\'2FE004CAN\'29 be Accredited with conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 03 March 2022\'29. The conditions were confirmed met and the programme was fully accredited \'28CHE letter\'2C 10 May 2022\'29. \line \line 2. Higher Certificate in Software Development \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1244\'2FE005CAN\'29\'3A The application for accreditation first served at the meeting of the meeting of the AC held on 29 and 30 September 2021 and the meeting of the HEQC held 04 November 2021. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the Higher Certificate in Software Development \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1244\'2FE005CAN\'29 be Accredited with conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 11 November 2021\'29. The conditions were confirmed met and the programme was fully accredited \'28CHE letter\'2C 14 June 2022\'29. \line \line At its meeting held on 7 April 2020\'2C the HEQC considered and approved the request from Stadio Holdings to transfer the following Institutions into Stadio \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'3A \line o LISOF \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'2C \line o Southern Business School \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'2C \line o South African School of Motion Picture Medium and Live Performance \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'2FAFDA\'2C \line o Milpark Education \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'2C \line o Prestige Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'2C and \line o The Embury Institute for Higher Education \'28Pty\'29 Ltd \'28EIHE\'29\line Several conditions were stipulated \'28CHE Letter 8 April 2020\'29. \line \line The Institution has submitted documents to support its current application. It must be determined that the site at STADIO Centurion Campus Erf 3151 Highveld X113 Panfluit Street\'2C Eco Park CENTURION has the infrastructure and capacity to support delivery of the programmes approved for offering at this site. \line \line Note\'3A\line \'E2\'80\'A2 It should be noted that the site at STADIO Centurion Campus Erf 3151 Highveld X113 Panfluit Street\'2C Eco Park CENTURION is approved with conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 25 February 2022\'29.\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The Higher Certificate in Internetwork system specialization \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BE\'2C F\'5D \'E2\'80\'93 Accreditation withdrawn \'28CHE letter\'2C 11 November 2021\'29\line \line A summary of the Evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report and recommendation follow.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Bachelor of Business Information Systems was accredited by the CHE with Prior to Commencement Conditions on 3.3.2022. The response to these conditions was submitted on 28.08.2022 and full accreditation was received from the CHE on 10.05.2022. The Institution could start offering the programme. The CHE required the name of the programme to be changed from the Higher Certificate in Software Engineering to the Higher Certificate in Software Development. The Higher Certificate in Software Development was accredited by the CHE with Prior to Commencement and Short-Term conditions on 13.11.2021. Responses to these conditions were submitted to the CHE on 17.11.2021 and\'2C in turn\'2C the programme was returned on 2.12.2021 as Not Yet Accredited as there was still a Short-Term condition pertaining to staffing that was unmet. The response to this condition was submitted on 03.05.2022. The programme was fully accredited as per the letter dated 14.6.2022. The Institution could start offering the programme. The Institution did not start offering the programmes at Montana as the accreditation process was lengthy\'2C the campus became unsustainable and it was closed down. It was agreed by the CHE upon enquiry that the programmes should be relocated to Centurion. Confirmation required by the CHE in the feedback on the Bachelor of Business Information Systems was obtained. CHE letters indicated that PTC and short-term conditions have been met. Once the relocation has been approved\'2C the Institution will apply to the DHET for the programmes to be added to the DHET register for the Centurion site.\line \line At the Montana campus three Education programmes were offered with low numbers. The plan was to also start offering IT programmes on the campus as there were sufficient venues and resources. However\'2C the accreditation process took a considerable amount of time\'2C and the programmes could not be activated in time to make the campus more viable. The Education programmes were relocated to Centurion and the campus was closed down on 31 December 2022. The DHET was notified and the site removed from the STADIO portfolio. The Centurion campus is situated in a business district that continues to grow rapidly. There are many IT and technology companies in Centurion and Midrand. The relocation of these programmes will enable STADIO to provide businesses and the technology industry with graduates relevant to positions in software development and business information systems analysis. The Centurion campus was custom designed and developed for STADIO. The new campus comprises 20 teaching venues with a capacity of 1120 lecture sessions per week\'2C of which only 258 are currently being used. The campus features the latest lecturing technology as well as additional student support and\line wellness offerings. The campus also includes more-than-adequate administrative facilities\'2C library facilities\'2C IT infrastructure\'2C canteen facilities and student parking. It is also close to public transport including the Gautrain station. The campus is fully secured with very strict access control in order to ensure that staff\'2C students\'2C visitors and property are fully protected. The new STADIO Centurion campus comprises 20 teaching venues with a capacity of 1120 lecture sessions per week\'2C of which only 258 are currently being used. The campus features the latest lecturing technology as well as additional student support and wellness offerings. The campus also includes more than adequate administrative facilities\'2C library facilities\'2C IT infrastructure\'2C canteen facilities\'2C and student parking. It is also close to public transport resources including the Gautrain station.\line \line In terms of student recruitment\'2C admission and selection \'28Criterion 2\'29\'2C the Centurion campus currently has 403 students enrolled for all the current programmes. The campus can accommodate 1296 students. The Centurion campus currently has 403 students enrolled for all the current programmes. The campus can currently accommodate 1296 students. The enrolment plan for the Higher Certificate in Software Development and the Bachelor of Business Information Systems on this site is respectively as follows\'3A 50\'2C 150 and 200 and 10\'2C 15\'2C 20 for the years 2023\'2C 2024\'2C 2025. The admission requirements will remain the same for the programme as submitted for accreditation.\line \line Regarding staffing \'28Criteria 3 and 4\'29\'2C the site has adequate staffing numbers for the programmes it is already accredited to run. The site has adequate staffing resources for the programmes. Staffing tables were provided. The expected workload was indicated in an attached table. The Institution makes use of full-time and part-time lecturers to address the teaching needs of the programmes. Lecturer positions have been outlined and appointments will be made where needed when the relocation is approved.\line \line In respect of infrastructure and library resources \'28Criterion 7\'29\'2C the programme is added to an existing site that has been approved by the CHE. There are sufficient academic resources for the site. The site has the necessary infrastructure to accommodate this proposed programme in terms of not only lecturing venues but administrative resources\'2C library resources\'2C student support structures\'2C IT resources\'2C and cafeteria facilities. There is adequate student parking available and a well-supported public transport infrastructure. The Centurion campus currently has 403 students enrolled across the different programmes. The campus can accommodate 1296 students. The enrolment plan for the programmes is appropriate. The anticipated numbers are still well within the scope of the number of students that the campus can accommodate. The campus has 20 teaching venues allowing for 1120 lecturing sessions per week. The current programmes are using 258 lecturing sessions per week. Therefore\'2C there are still 862 lecturing sessions available. The programme will require 13 lecturing sessions per week which will easily be accommodated within the available sessions. The lecturing venues\'2C IT venues for students and equipment were provided in Addenda. The IT infrastructure for the campus is comprehensive. The IT infrastructure was described in detail in an Addendum. STADIO will enrol students for the first year only in 2023.\line A library with the relevant reference works and desk copies of prescribed texts is available. The library is accessible from Mon to Friday 07\'3A30 to 16\'3A00. All contact campus libraries also store limited reserve copies of prescribed and recommended texts for all modules and programmes. The majority of reading and research resources are provided online in the form of Ebsco\'2C Sabinet\'2C Proquest\'2C Scholartext\'2C Jutastat Taylor and Francis and OERs. An overview of library resources was provided in an Addendum along with evidence of subscription. Sufficient relevant resources are provided for all the subject discipline fields. In some cases\'2C resources are also provided in additional disciplines and fields as STADIO believes that students have the right to read beyond required literature. In addition\'2C academic staff can request titles that they have identified a need for. The library has taken an informed decision to acquire digital resources in most cases so that these can be accessed remotely by all students and staff. Students log in from anywhere and this is ideal for pandemic conditions \'28e g COVID-19\'29. A librarian is available to assist students. The contact information is communicated to students clearly and students can also contact the librarian via the phone to assist with navigation and to find resources if they are not on campus. The budget for the programme was provided as an Addendum. A description of library resources was provided in an Addendum. The OHS was provided in an Addendum. Photos of the building on the site \'28of its exterior and interior \'5Bclassrooms\'2C library\'2C cafeteria\'2C etc\'5D\'29 were included in the submission\'2C as well as floor plans for both levels of the building. STADIO submitted a title deed and proof of purchase of the building on the Centurion campus.\line \line As for programme administrative services \'28Criterion 8\'29\'2C STADIO submits that the campus has support services office that will manage the standard\'2C existing services for students. The management of assessment\'2C resulting and certification is managed centrally from the Head Office in Durbanville. The system and technical platform for the management of program information is the same as for the management of all business information\'2C since this Institution has an IT network spread across all lecture halls\'2C laboratories and in management as well as the Academic Support Division. Program specific data is recorded in electronic format by way of software such as Excel and MS Word. STADIO has an IT administration centre \'28Server Room\'29 responsible for the smooth running of the entire IT Network system. The IT support centre hosts two student file servers and a lecturer file server\'2C as well as a file and application server for administration staff. Reports are generated\'2C although the periodicity of reports varies\'2C depending on the nature of a report and the purpose. Students have day to day online access to their progress track records via the company website. STADIO also keeps electronic records of class attendance on all registered students. These are made available to students and parents\'2Fguardians at all times. Hard copies of grievances\'2C assessment appeals tabled and disciplinary hearing reports are kept in a file for future reference. Final achievement reports and competence grades for decisions with respect of compliance with certification requirements are due once a year \'28in November\'29 and approved by the Certification Board. Grievance appeals\'2C applications for extension of assignment hand-in dates\'2C and reports on disciplinary hearings are captured and filed as it occurs. The annual program audit reports as well as institutional audit reports are filed and fed into the business management and teaching-learning management system respectively\'2C specifically to the Academic Planning Committee for further action. Such reports need to specify areas for improvement\'2C and related action plans with a timeline\'2C where possible. A filing system for all types of reports\'2C such as Committee meeting minutes\'2C audit reports\'2C etc. are kept. All surveys\'2C reviews and audits must be accompanied by a written report prepared on a standardized template. These reports are fed into different decision-making structures such as the Academic Planning Committee for follow-up action or improvement plans if necessary. At a different level STADIO submits annual reports to DHET\'2C as well as the HEQC \'28e.g. actions taken to comply with accreditation conditions\'29 as and when required. The purpose of student progress reports is to keep students and their parents informed about their progress in time as the assessment results are updated constantly. These reports are also used to determine the success of the student to progress to a following level or to obtain a certificate or diploma at the end of their year\'28s\'29 of study. In other cases\'2C e.g. program audit reports and institutional audit reports are tabled at the next meetings of the relevant committee\'2C e.g. the Academic Planning Committee. At such meetings decisions are made with respect to action plans to address weak points or shortfalls in a particular area. In the case of learning progress where a certain candidate falls short of a pass grade just marginally\'2C a special document is completed by a member of academic staff to motivate the adjustment of the mark for the given module to obtain a pass grade. This report is tabled at a meeting of the LAP Committee \'28a sub-committee of the Certification Board\'29 chaired by the Academic Manager. The head of the Institution and faculty heads or program coordinators form part of the committee. All electronic files are protected with NTFS file and folder permissions. Students cannot access files containing assessment results or any project work once they have completed the assignment and saved it on the relevant file server. Printed data is stored in a central walk-in safe. Two keys are required to get access the safe\'2C one kept by the Financial Director and the other by one of the Directors. The system is administered by the administrator\'2C who can grant each user certain rights to varies resource locations and can set these rules accordingly. Students must log onto the system by means of their ID number and student number. No person can access a student\'27s information if they do not have pass codes. Staff also log onto the system by means of a username and password. This information is not shared with any third party. The database is protected with Windows NTFS permissions on the server hard drive as well as Internet Information Server \'28IIS\'29 permissions. The physical IT server room is locked when unattended and all servers are password protected. This password is only shared with the directors by means of an encrypted file.\line STADIO uses Canvas as the platform for its virtual learning environment \'28VLE\'29. Canvas is a new-generation VLE that allows STADIO to consistently deliver quality education at scale to all its students\'2C regardless of Faculty or campus. All STADIO students\'2C regardless of mode of study\'2C have access to a VLE course environment for each of their modules. In this course environment they access study material \'28including support materials\'29\'2C assessments and communications. They are also able to collaborate and interact with lecturers and fellow students via this platform and to access students support services. Canvas provides 100\'25 cloud architecture that moves away from the old-fashioned\'2C labour intensive self-hosted software and offers STADIO numerous benefits. A more extensive description of the virtual learning environment was provided as an addendum.\line \line On programme coordination \'28Criterion 10\'29\'2C STADIO reports that Prof Carina de Villiers \'28CV attached as Addendum D\'29 has been appointed as the full-time Programme Coordinator for both of the programmes\'3A Higher Certificate in Software Development Programme Co-ordinator\'2C and Bachelor of Business Information Systems.\line \line For the coordination of work-based learning \'28Criterion 15\'29\'2C STADIO reported that the two programmes do not include WIL.\line \line Regarding delivery of postgraduate programmes \'28Criterion 16\'29\'2C STADIO reported that these are undergraduate programmes\'2C and that this section is not relevant.\line \line The Institution also provided the following declarations\'3A\line Declaration that the design and curriculum of the programme offered at the new\'2Fexisting site will be identical to the design and curriculum of the programme offered at existing sites of the Institution\'2C and that the mode\'28s\'29 of delivery will be the same as accredited by the HEQC\'3B\line Declaration that policies and procedures for student recruitment\'2C admission and selection will be identical to those in place at existing sites\'3B\line Declaration that policies\'2C procedures and strategies for teaching\'2C learning and assessment will be the same as those in place at existing sites of delivery\'3B and\'2C\line Declaration that the extension of programme\'28s\'29 to the site of delivery for which this application refers is not currently being advertised or offered on said site of delivery.\line \line The Institution noted that it has developed new policies that will be applied to these programmes\'2C attached as Addenda \'E2\'80\'93 this was necessitated by the fact that 4 institutions have merged into one and policies had to be aligned. Prior policies have been taken into account with the development of the new policies. The programme and mode\'28s\'29 of delivery will be the same as accredited by the HEQC.\line \line The report\'2C evidence submitted as documents of various kind\'2C and declarations given suggest that minimum standards are met for the Bachelor of Business Information Systems  \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1244\'2FE004CAN\'29\'2C and Higher Certificate in Software Development  \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1244\'2FE005CAN\'29 for their extension to the Centurion campus of STADIO.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A STADIO Centurion Campus\'2C Erf 3151 HighveldPanfluit StreetEco ParkCenturion\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Approved\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b \b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \'C2\'A0\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \'C2\'A0\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql Bachelor of Business Information Systems\line Higher Certificate in Software Development\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}