{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 23rd November 2023\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR037\'2FRELO_Church Str PTA_Jan2022\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology \'28Pty\'29 Ltd \'28Previously PC Training and Business College\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Certificate in Business Administration\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line 292 Anton Lembede \'28Smith\'29 Street\'2C Durban\'2C 4001-Main Campus\line 32 Diagonal Street\'2C Cnr Sauer \'26 Jeppe\'2C Johannesburg-Johannesburg Campus\line 13 Church Square\'2C Cnr. Bank Street \'26 Church Street\'2C Pretoria-Pretoria Campus\line 22A Aliwal Street\'2C Cnr. Elizabeth and Aliwal Street\'2C Bloemfontein-Bloemfontein Campus\line 49 St George Mall\'2C Cnr Castle Street \'26 St Georges Mall\'2C Cape Town-Cape Town Campus\line 112 Bordeaux Drive\'2C Corner Bordeaux and St. Andrews Drive\'2C Randburg 2000-Randburg Campus\line 21 Timber Street\'2C Pietermaritzburg-Pietermaritzburg Campus -  Timber Street\line 68 De Korte Street\'2C Braamfontein-De Korte Street Campus\line 22 Voortrekker Street-Kempton Park Campus\line 52 Joe Slovo \'28Field\'29 Street\'2C Durban-Field Street\'2C Durban\line \line Bachelor of Commerce\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line 76 Jorrison Street\'2C Braamfontein-Jorrison Campus\line 292 Anton Lembede \'28Smith\'29 Street\'2C Cnr. Anton Lembede \'26 Dorothy Nyembe Street-Durban Headoffice Campus\line 287 Struben Street\'2C Pretoria-Struben Street Campus\line \line Advanced Certificate in Commerce\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line 22A Aliwal Street\'2C Cnr. Elizabeth and Aliwal Street\'2C Bloemfontein-Bloemfontein Campus\line 49 St George Mall\'2C Cnr Castle Street \'26 St Georges Mall\'2C Cape Town-Cape Town Campus\line 112 Bordeaux Drive\'2C Corner Bordeaux and St. Andrews Drive\'2C Randburg 2000-Randburg Campus\line 21 Timber Street\'2C Pietermaritzburg-Pietermaritzburg Campus -  Timber Street\line 68 De Korte Street\'2C Braamfontein-De Korte Street Campus\line 22 Voortrekker Street-Kempton Park Campus\line 20 Voortrekker Street\'2C Vereeniging-Vereeniging Campus\line 76 Jorrison Street\'2C Braamfontein-Jorrison Campus\line 141 Main Street\'2C Cnr. Main \'26 Von Weilligh Street\'2C  Johannesburg-Main Street Campus\line 287 Struben Street\'2C Pretoria-Struben Street Campus\line 44 Joe Slovo \'28Field\'29 Street\'2C Durban-Joe Slovo Street Campus\line 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria-Church Street Campus\line 54 Van Riebeek Avenue\'2C Edenvale-Edenvale Campus\line Kempton Park-Kempton Park - Wolff Street Campus\line 28 Maitland Street\'2C Bloemfontein-Bloemfontein Campus\line 5 \'26 7 Monument Street-\line \line Diploma in Business Administration\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line 22A Aliwal Street\'2C Cnr. Elizabeth and Aliwal Street\'2C Bloemfontein-Bloemfontein Campus\line 49 St George Mall\'2C Cnr Castle Street \'26 St Georges Mall\'2C Cape Town-Cape Town Campus\line 112 Bordeaux Drive\'2C Corner Bordeaux and St. Andrews Drive\'2C Randburg 2000-Randburg Campus\line 21 Timber Street\'2C Pietermaritzburg-Pietermaritzburg Campus -  Timber Street\line 68 De Korte Street\'2C Braamfontein-De Korte Street Campus\line 22 Voortrekker Street-Kempton Park Campus\line 20 Voortrekker Street\'2C Vereeniging-Vereeniging Campus\line 76 Jorrison Street\'2C Braamfontein-Jorrison Campus\line 141 Main Street\'2C Cnr. Main \'26 Von Weilligh Street\'2C  Johannesburg-Main Street Campus\line 287 Struben Street\'2C Pretoria-Struben Street Campus\line 44 Joe Slovo \'28Field\'29 Street\'2C Durban-Joe Slovo Street Campus\line 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria-Church Street Campus\line 54 Van Riebeek Avenue\'2C Edenvale-Edenvale Campus\line Kempton Park-Kempton Park - Wolff Street Campus\line 28 Maitland Street\'2C Bloemfontein-Bloemfontein Campus\line 5 \'26 7 Monument Street-\line \line Bachelor of Business Administration\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line 76 Jorrison Street\'2C Braamfontein-Jorrison Campus\line 44 Joe Slovo \'28Field\'29 Street\'2C Durban-Joe Slovo Street Campus\line 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria-Church Street Campus\line \line Higher Certificate in Business Administration \line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line 44 Joe Slovo \'28Field\'29 Street\'2C Durban-Joe Slovo Street Campus\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact and Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 292 Anton Lembede \'28Smith\'29 Street\line Durban\line 4000\line \line Johannesburg Campus\line 32 Diagonal Street\'2C Cnr. Sauer \'26 Jeppe\'2C \line Johannesburg\line 2001\line \line Pretoria Campus\line 13 Church Square\'2C Cnr. Bank Street \'26 Church Street\'2C \line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Bloemfontein Campus\line 22A Aliwal Street\'2C Cnr. Elizabeth \'26 Aliwal Street\'2C\line Bloemfontein\line 9301\line \line De Beer Street Campus\line 23 De Beer Street\'2C\line Braamfortein\'2C\line 2001\line \line Edenvale Campus\line 54 Van Riebeek Avenue\'2C \line Edenvale\line 1609\line \line Kempton Park - Wolff Street Campus\line 7 Wolff Street\'2C\line Kempton Park\'2C\line 2001\line \line Jacob Maree Campus\line 165 Jacob Maree Street\'2C\line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Cape Town Campus\line 49 St George Mall\'2C \line Cnr Castle Street \'26 St Georges Mall\'2C \line Cape Town\line 8000\line \line Randburg Campus\line 112 Bordeaux Drive\'2C Corner Bordeaux and St. Andrews Drive\'2C\line Randburg\line 2000\line \line Pietermaritzburg Campus -  Timber Street\line 21 Timber Street\'2C \line Pietermaritzburg\line 3201\line \line De Korte Street Campus\line 68 De Korte Street\'2C Braamfontein\line \line Kempton Park Campus\line 22 Voortrekker Street\'2C \line Kempton Park\'2C\line 2001\line \line Main Street Campus\line 141 Main Street\'2C Cnr. Main \'26 Von Weilligh Street\'2C \line Johannesburg\line 2001\line \line Field Street\'2C Durban\line 52 Joe Slovo \'28Field\'29 Street\'2C Durban\line \line Troye Street Campus\line 33 Troye Street \line Johannesburg\line 2001\line \line \line Struben Street Campus\line 287 Struben Street\'2C \line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Durban Headoffice Campus\line 292  Anton Lembede Street\'2C Cnr. Anton Lembede \'26 Dorothy Nyembe Street\'2C\line Durban\line 4001\line \line Vereeniging Campus\line 20 Voortrekker Street\'2C \line Vereeniging\line 1928\line \line Jorrison Campus\line 76 Jorrison Street\'2C \line Braamfontein\'2C\line 2001\line \line Paul Kruger Street\'2C Pretoria\line 336 Paul Kruger Street\line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Andries Street Campus\line 76 Andries Street\line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Joe Slovo Street Campus\line 44 Joe Slovo Street\'2C \line Durban\line 4000\line \line Church Street Campus\line 421 Church Street\'2C \line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Bloemfontein Campus\line 28 Maitland Street\'2C\line Bloemfontein\line 9301\line \line Krugersdorp Campus \line 5 \'26 7 Monument Street\line Cnr Burger Street\line Krugersdorp\line 1739\line \line Polokwane Campus\line 52 Church Street\'2C \line Polokwane\line 0700\line \line Umhlanga Ridge Campus\line 9 Palm Boulevard\'2C \line Umhlanga Rocks\line 4320\line \line Midrand Campus\line 181 Moritz Road\'2C \line Midrand\'2C\line 1685\line \line Benoni Campus\line 90 Elston Avenue\'2C \line Benoni\line 1501\line \line Harrison Street Campus \line 37 Harrison Street\'2C Nelson Mandela Building\line Johannesburg\line 2001\line \line 100 Landdros Mare Street\'2C Polokwane\line 100 Landdros Mare Street\'2C Polokwane\line \line Bryanston\line Siyakha House\line The Braes\line 3 Eaton Ave\line Bryanston\line Sandton\line 2191\line \line 112 Long Street\'2C Cape Town City Centre\'2C Cape Town\line 5th Floor\line 112 Long Street\line Cape Town City Centre\line Cape Town\line 8000\line \line Centenary Boulevard\'2C Umhlanga\line 5-9 Park Avenue and 20\'2C 22 and 24\'2C \line Centenary Boulevard\line Umhlanga\line 4032\line \line Musgrave Campus\line Musgrave Centre\line 135 Musgrave Road\line Durban\line 4001\line \line  141 Lilian Ngoyi\'2C Newtown\'2C Johannesburg\line 141 Lilian Ngoyi\line Newtown\line Johannesburg\line 2113\line \line Centurion Mall Campus\line 1269 Gordon Hood Road\line Centurion Central\line Pretoria\line 0046\line \line 291 Church Street Campus\line 291 Church Street\line Pretoria Central\line Pretoria\line 0002\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Background\line Introduction\'3A\line The Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes accredited by the CHE. The Institution was previously known as PC Training and Business College \'28Pty\'29 Ltd. It should be noted that the Institution recently acquired the AAA School of Advertising \'28Pty\'29 Ltd. The latter continues to operate as a separate entity \'28Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'3B DHET\'2C 16 March 2022\'29. \line \line The following programmes are registered for offering at the following sites of delivery \'28DHET Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'2C 16 March 2022\'29\'3A\line 25. Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C F\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\'2C EE\'2C Z\'2C HH\'2C II\'2C JJ\'5D\'2C\line 26. Higher Certificate in Computer Forensics \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\'2C\line 27. Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120- \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\'2C EE\'2C FF\'2C GG\'2C HH\'2C II\'2C JJ\'5D \'5B Distance Mode A\'5D\'2C\line 28. Higher Certificate in Local Government Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BB\'5D\'2C\line 29. Higher Certificate in Office Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'2C F\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C P\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C Z\'2C DD\'2C EE\'2C HH\'2C II\'5D\'2C\line 30. Higher Certificate in Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 Activities \'28Previously registered as Higher Certificate in Recognition of Prior Learning Practice\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BB\'5D\'2C\line 31. Higher Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C C\'2C D\'2C F\'2C H\'2C I\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C S\'2C T\'2C V\'2C W\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C GG\'2C HH\'2C II\'5D \'5BDistance Mode A\'5D\'2C\line 32. Advanced Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BB\'2C F\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C L\'2C N\'2C P\'2C R\'2C T\'2C BB\'2C HH\'2C Z\'5D\'2C\line 33. Advanced Certificate in Commerce \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C F\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C L\'2C N\'2C P\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C W\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C GG\'2C HH\'5D\'2C\line 34. Advanced Certificate in Information Security \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\'2C\line 35. Advanced Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C F\'2C J\'2C L\'2C N\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C HH\'5D\'2C\line 36. Advanced Certificate in Information Technology Governance \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\'2C\line 37. Advanced Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C C\'2C D\'2C H\'2C I\'2C L\'2C N\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C S\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C GG\'5D\'2C\line 38. Diploma in Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BB\'2C F\'2C G\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C L\'2C N\'2C P\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\'2C EE\'2C GG\'2C HH\'2C JJ\'5D \'5B Distance Mode B\'5D\'2C\line 39. Diploma in Computer Applications \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C C\'2C D\'2C F\'2C H\'2C I\'2C K\'2C M\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C S\'2C T\'2C W\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C GG\'5D \'5BDistance Mode A\'5D\'2C\line 40. Diploma in Information Technology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C C\'2C D\'2C F\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C M\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C S\'2C T\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\'2C EE\'2C GG\'2C HH\'5D \'5B Distance Mode A\'5D\'2C\line 41. Diploma in Local Government Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\'2C\line 42. Bachelor of Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BB\'2C J\'2C N\'2C P\'2C R\'2C Y\'2C EE\'5D \'5B Distance B\'5D\'2C\line 43. Bachelor of Commerce \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'2C J\'2C P\'2C R\'2C N\'2C Y\'2C EE\'2C JJ\'5D \'5B Distance Mode \'5BA\'5D\'2C\line 44. Bachelor of Public Management \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360- Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BB\'5D\'2C\line 45. Bachelor of Science in Information Technology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C C\'2C D\'2C J\'2C Y\'2C AA\'2C EE\'2C JJ\'5D \'5BDistance Mode A\'5D\'2C It should be noted that the CHE record shows that the contact mode programme was never confirmed HEQC aligned. The institution was requested to submit proof of confirmation and was not able to. \line 46. Postgraduate Diploma in Management\'2C HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Leve8\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\'2C\line 47. Bachelor of Science Honours in Information Technology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 8\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D\'2C and\line 48.  Master of Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 9\'2C 180-Credits\'3A Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'5D.\line \line The Institution has the following approved sites of delivery\'3A\line \line A\'29 Durban Head Office\'3A 292 Anton Lembede \'28Smith\'29 Street\'2C Corner Anton Lembede and Dorothy Nyembe Street\'2C Durban\'2C 4001\'2C\line B\'29 Durban\'3A 44 Joe Slovo Street\'2C Durban\'2C 4001\'2C\line C\'29 Johannesburg\'3A32 Diagonal Street\'2C Corner Sauer and Jeppe Street\'2C Johannesburg\'2C 2001\'2C\line D\'29 Pretoria\'3A 13 Church Square\'2C Corner Bank and Church Street\'2C 0001\'2C\line E\'29 Johannesburg\'3A 141 Main Street\'2C Corner of Main and Von Weilligh Street\'2C Johannesburg\'2C 2001. DISCONTINUED\'2C\line F\'29 Randburg Campus\'3A 112 Bordeaux Drive\'2C Corner Bordeaux and St Andrews Drive\'2C Randburg\'2C 2000\'2C\line G\'29 Pietermaritzburg\'3A 235 Langalibalele Street\'2C Pietermaritzburg\'2C 3201. DISCONTINUED\'2C\line H\'29 Cape Town\'3A49 St George\'E2\'80\'99s Mall\'2C Corner Castle Street and St George\'E2\'80\'99s Mall\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8000\'2C\line I\'29 Bloemfontein\'3A 22A Aliwal Street\'2C Corner Elizabeth and Aliwal Street\'2C 9301\'2C\line J\'29 Umhlanga Ridge\'3A 9 Palm Boulevard\'2C Gateway\'2C Umhlanga Ridge\'2C 4319\'2C\line K\'29 Pretoria\'3A 165 Jacob Mare Street\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0001\'2C\line L\'29 Pretoria\'3A 287 Struben Street\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0001\'2C\line M\'29 Pretoria\'3A 76 Andries Street\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0001\'2C\line N\'29  Pretoria\'3A 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0001\'2C\line O\'29 Pretoria\'3A 336 Paul Kruger Street\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0001\'2C\line P\'29 Kempton Park\'3A 22 Voortrekker Street\'2C Kempton Park\'2C 2001\'2C\line Q\'29 Johannesburg\'3A 33 Troye Street\'2C Johannesburg\'2C 2001\'2C\line R\'29 Braamfontein\'3A 76 Jorissen Street\'2C Braamfontein\'2C 2001\'2C\line S\'29 Braamfontein\'3A 23 De Beer Street\'2C Braamfontein\'2C 2001\'2C\line T\'29 Vereeniging\'3A 20 Voortrekker Street\'2C Vereeniging\'2C 1928\'2C\line U\'29 Springs\'3A 10 Argon Road\'2C Fulcrum\'2C Springs\'2C 1559. DISCONTINUED\'2C\line V\'29 Midrand\'3A 181 Moritz Road\'2C Midrand\'2C 1685\'2C\line W\'29 Edenvale\'3A 54 Van Riebeeck Avenue\'2C Edenvale\'2C 1609. DISCONTINUED\'2C\line X\'29 Benoni\'3A 90 Elston Avenue\'2C Benoni\'2C 1501\'2C\line Y\'29 Polokwane\'3A 52 Church Street\'2C Polokwane\'2C 0700\'2C\line Z\'29 Pietermaritzburg\'3A 21 Timber Street\'2C Pietermaritzburg\'2C 3201\'2C\line AA\'29  Kempton Park\'3A 7 Wolff Street\'2C Kempton Park\'2C 2001\'2C\line BB\'29 Johannesburg\'3A 37 Harrison Street\'2C Nelson Mandela Building\'2C Johannesburg\'2C 2000\'2C\line CC\'29 Krugersdorp\'3A 7 Monument Street\'2C Krugersdorp\'2C 1739\'2C\line DD\'29 Rivonia\'3A 3rd of 5th Avenue\'2C Rivonia\'2C 2128\'2C\line EE\'29 Ballito\'3A 2 Moffat Drive\'2C Ballito\'2C 4399. DISCONTINUED\'2C\line FF\'29 Durban\'3A De-registered\'2C\line GG\'29 Bloemfontein\'3A 28 Maitland Street\'2C Bloemfontein\'2C 9301\'2C\line HH\'29 Polokwane\'3A Polokwane\'2C 100 Landross Mare Street\'2C Polokwane\'2C 0700\'2C\line II\'29 Durban\'3A 52 Joe Slovo Street\'2C Durban\'2C 4000\'2C and\line JJ\'29 Pinetown\'3A 33 Crompton Street\'2C Pinetown\'2C 3610\line \line Application for relocation of programmes\line The Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology is currently applying for the relocation of programmes from 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria to a new site at 13 Church Square\'2C Pretoria\'3A\line \line 1. 1.Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C PR037\'2F8348\'2FHEQSF\'E2\'89\'88 H\'2FPR037\'2FE036CAN\'29                                                                                                                                                                                   \line 2. Advanced Certificate in Business Administration - \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE012CAN\'29                                                                                                                                                 \line 3. Advanced Certificate in Commerce- \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE029CAN\'29                                                                                                                   \line 4. Diploma in Business Administration - \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE028CAN\'29                                                               \line 5. Bachelor of Commerce Previous\'3A Bachelor of Commerce \'28Marketing\'2FHuman Resource Management\'2FAccounting\'29 - \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE022CAN\'29                                                                 \line 6. Bachelor of Business Administration - \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE027CAN\'29                                                          \line \line HEQSF Alignment\line The HEQSF-online Institutional Offerings report shows that PC Training College had the following programmes confirmed HEQSF-aligned\'3A\line \line 1. The Bachelor of Commerce was confirmed aligned as the Bachelor of Commerce \'28NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR037\'2F0084\'2FHEQSF\'29 on 31 March 2014.\line 2. The Advanced Certificate in Information Technology was confirmed aligned as the Advanced Certificate in Information Technology \'28NQF level 6\'2C 130 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR037\'2F8316\'2FHEQSF\'29 on 7 July 2014\'2C \line 3. The Advanced Certificate in Systems Engineering was confirmed aligned as the Advanced Certificate in Systems Engineering \'286\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR037\'2F9931\'2FHEQSF\'29 on 7 July 2014\'2C\line 4. The Advanced Certificate in Business Administration was confirmed aligned as the Advanced Certificate in Business Administration \'28NQF level 6\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR037\'2F8349\'2FHEQSF\'29 on 7 July 2014\'2C\line 5. The Higher Certificate in Information Technology was confirmed aligned as the Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C PR037\'2F8317\'2FHEQSF\'29 on 7 July 2014\'2C\line 6. The Higher Certificate in Systems Engineering was confirmed aligned as the Higher Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C PR037\'2F8318\'2FHEQSF\'29\'2C on 7 July 2014\'2C and\line 7. The Higher Certificate in Business Administration was confirmed aligned as the Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode PR037\'2F8348\'2FHEQSF\'29 on 7 July 2014.\line \line HEQSF aligned programmes submitted for accreditation\'3A\line \line 1. Advanced Certificate in Commerce- \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE029CAN\'29\'3A The application for accreditation first served at the meeting of the AC held on 27 July 2011 where it raised several concerns. As a result\'2C the application was deferred to the Institution \'28CHE letter\'2C 16 August 2011\'29. The deferral response served at the meeting of the AC held on 22 and 23 February 2012. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the Advanced Certificate in Commerce \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE029CAN\'29 be accredited \'28CHE letter\'2C 28 March 2012\'29. \line 2. Diploma in Business Administration - \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE028CAN\'29\'3A The application for accreditation first served at the meeting of AC held on 22 and 23 February 2012 the meeting of HEQC held on 29 March 2012. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee and decided that the Diploma in Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'29 should be accredited with conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 25 April 2012\'29. The conditions have been confirmed met and the programme was fully accredited \'28CHE Letter\'2C 13 November 2012\'29.  \line 3. Bachelor of Commerce Previous\'3A Bachelor of Commerce \'28Marketing\'2FHuman Resource Management\'2FAccounting\'29 - \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE022CAN\'29\'3A The application for accreditation first served at the meeting of AC held on 28 and 29 July 2010 the meeting of HEQC held on 22 September 2010. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee and decided that the Bachelor of Commerce Previous\'3A Bachelor of Commerce \'28Marketing\'2FHuman Resource Management\'2FAccounting\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE022CAN\'29 should be accredited with conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 13 October 2010\'29. The conditions have been confirmed met and the programme was fully accredited \'28CHE Letter\'2C 31 March 2011\'29.        \line 4. Bachelor of Business Administration - \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE027CAN\'29\'3A The application for accreditation first served at the meeting of AC held on 05 and 06 October 2011 and the meeting of HEQC held on 30 November 2011. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee and decided that the Bachelor of Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE027CAN\'29 be not accredited \'28CHE letter\'2C 13 December 2011\'29. The Institution was afforded an opportunity to submit a representation. The representation application served at meeting of AC held on 22 to 23 February 2012 and the meeting of HEQC held on 29 March 2012. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee and decided that the Bachelor of Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE027CAN\'29 be accredited with conditions for contact mode of delivery only \'28CHE letter\'2C 25 April 2012\'29. The conditions have been confirmed met and the programme was fully accredited \'28CHE Letter\'2C 13 November 2012\'29.   \line \line Reaccreditation 2015\line The Institution participated in the 2015 Reaccreditation Cycle where it submitted individual programmes and six programmes as part of a SER. The applications served at the meeting of the AC held on 13 and 14 March 2018 and the meeting of the HEQC held on 7 June 2018. \line \line The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the following programmes\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact \line mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE015CAN\'29\line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C G\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C U\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C \line CC\'2C DD\'2C EE\'2C FF\'2C GG\line 2. Advanced Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 120 credits\'2C \line contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE011CAN\'29\line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C G\'2C J\'2C L\'2C N\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C U\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\line 3. Bachelor of Science in Information Technology \'28HEQSF alignment to be confirmed\'2C contact mode\'2C \line H\'2FPR037\'2FE006CAN\'29\line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C C\'2C D\'2C J\'2C Y\'2C AA\'2C EE\line offered at the sites of delivery as indicated be re-accredited\'2C without conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 28 August 2018\'29\'3A\line \line The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the following programme\'3A \line 1. Bachelor of Commerce \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE022CAN\'29 \line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C J\'2C P\'2C R\'2C N\'2C Y\'2C EE \line b. Titled Bachelor of Commerce \'28Marketing \'2F Human Resource Management \'2F Accounting\'29 prior to the HEQSF alignment process offered at the sites of delivery as indicated be re-accredited with conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 28 August 2018\'29\'3A\line \line The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee and decided that the \line accreditation status of the following programmes\'3A\line 1. Diploma in Business Administration \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 240 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C \line H\'2FPR037\'2FK001CAN\'29\line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C G\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C N\'2C P\'2C R\'2C U\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C T\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\line 2. Bachelor of Business Administration \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 495 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C \line H\'2FPR037\'2FE004CAN\'29\line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C L\'2C N\'2C R\'2C U\line offered at the sites of delivery as indicated be extended \'28CHE letter\'2C 28 August 2018\'29\'3A\line \line The following programmes were not submitted for re-accreditation as the programmes had not realised a graduated cohort\'2C had not been accredited at the time of submission or are not HEQSF aligned. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee and decided that the accreditation status of these programmes should be extended \'28CHE letter\'2C 28 August 2018\'29\'3A\line \line 1. Higher Certificate in Recognition of Prior Learning Practice \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 125 \line credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE040CAN\'29\line a. Note the DHET Register reflects Higher Certificate in Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 \line Activities\line 2. Higher Certificate in Office Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact \line mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE018CAN\'29\line 3. Higher Certificate in System Engineering \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance \line mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE042CAN\'29\line 4. Higher Certificate in Local Government Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C \line distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE043CAN\'29\line 5. Advanced Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 120 credits\'2C \line contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE012CAN\'29\line 6. Advanced Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact \line mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE019CAN\'29\line 7. Advanced Certificate in Commerce \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C \line H\'2FPR037\'2FE029CAN\'29\line 8. Diploma in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 370 credits\'2C contact and \line distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE028CAN\'29\line 9. Diploma in Information Technology \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'2C 240 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C \line H\'2FPR037\'2FK002CAN\'29\line 10. Diploma in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact and \line distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE024CAN\'29\line 11. Diploma in Computer Applications \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact and \line distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE023CAN\'29\line 12. Bachelor of Commerce \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 372 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C \line H\'2FPR037\'2FE039CAN\'29\line 13. Bachelor of Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact and \line distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE027CAN\'29\line 14. Bachelor of Public Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 380 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C \line H\'2FPR037\'2FE044CAN\'29\line 15. Bachelor of Science in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 375 credits\'2C \line distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE032CAN\'29\line \line The HEQC noted the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the following programmes offered at the sites of delivery as indicated be put on notice to not re-accredit \'28CHE letter\'2C 28 August 2018\'29\'3A\line \line 1. Higher Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE017CAN\'29 \line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C G\'2C H\'2C I\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C S\'2C T\'2C V\'2C W\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C FF\'2C GG\'2C HH\'2C \line 2. Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE036CAN\'29 \line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C G\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C U\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\'2C EE \line \line 3. Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE016CAN\'29 \line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C G\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C U\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\'2C EE \line \line 4. Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE033CAN\'29 \line a. Sites\'3A A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C E\'2C F\'2C G\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C U\'2C V\'2C W\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C AA\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\'2C EE\'2C FF\'2C GG \line \line The Institution was required to submit an approved improvement plan to the CHE within one month of receipt of the HEQC\'E2\'80\'99s outcome letter. The improvement plan should indicate how the Institution addressed all the reasons for notice to not re-accredit within six months of receipt of the outcome letter. The Institution should submit concise progress reports each month after the submission of the improvement plan indicating what reasons it has addressed and which reasons are still to be addressed. At the end of the six-month period the Institution should submit a detailed progress report with evidence indicating how it has addressed all the reasons indicated in the HEQC\'E2\'80\'99s outcome letter.\line \line The Institution submitted the following information\'3A\line \line \'E2\'80\'A2 Improvement plan received 8 October 2018 \line \'E2\'80\'A2 Progress report received 1 November 2018 \'283 Emails\'29\line \line \'E2\'80\'A2 Progress report 2 due by 1 December 2018- no submission\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Progress report 3 due by 1 February 2019 \'E2\'80\'93 no submission\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Progress report 4 due by 1 March 2019 \'E2\'80\'93 no submission\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Final progress report due by 1 April 2019 \'E2\'80\'93 no submission\line \line The application for Reaccreditation - Notice of withdrawal of accreditation with improvement plan served at the meeting of the AC held 27 October 2021 and the meeting of the HEQC held on 04 November 2021.The Higher Education Quality Committee considered and approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee. The HEQC decided that \'28CHE letter\'2C 12 November 2021\'29\'3A \line \line v\'29 The Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE036CAN\'29 be reaccredited for offering at the site at 292 Anton Lembede \'28Smith\'29 Street\'2C Corner Anton Lembede and Dorothy Nyembe Street\'2C Durban\'2C 4001. \line vi\'29 ii\'29 The Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE016CAN\'E2\'89\'88PR037\'2F8348\'2FHEQSF\'29 be reaccredited for offering at the sites at\'3A \'28A\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'2C H\'2C I\'2C J\'2C K\'2C L\'2C M\'2C N\'2C O\'2C P\'2C Q\'2C R\'2C S\'2C T\'2C R\'2CW\'2C X\'2C Y\'2C Z\'2C BB\'2C CC\'2C DD\'2C EE\'2C HH\'2C II\'2C JJ\'29\line vii\'29 The Higher Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE017CAN\'29 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE017CAN\'29       \line be reaccredited with conditions for \line                    offering at the site at Pretoria\'3A 336 Paul Kruger Street\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0001 only.\line viii\'29 The Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 \line                    credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE033CAN\'29 be reaccredited with conditions for \line                    offering at the site 292 Anton Lembede \'28Smith\'29 Street\'2C Corner Anton Lembede and \line                    Dorothy Nyembe Street\'2C Durban\'2C 4001.\line \line Site visits\line Site visits linked to conditions was conducted to verify whether the Institution has the capacity to deliver quality higher education programmes and that conditions 1 \'E2\'80\'93 3 above have been addressed. The application served at the meeting of the AC held 17 and 18 May 2018 and the meeting of the HEQC held on 07 July 2016 \'28CHE letter\'2C 20 September 2016\'29.\line \line The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the site at 3 Fifth Avenue\'2C Rivonia\'2C Gauteng be approved with conditions to offer the following programmes\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE015CAN\'29\line 2. Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE016CAN\'29\line 3. Higher Certificate in Office Administration \'28NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE018CAN\'29\line 4. Diploma in Information Technology \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 6\'3B 240 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FK002CAN\'29\line 5. Diploma in Information Technology \'28NQF Level 6\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE024CAN\'29\line 6. Diploma in Business Administration \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 6\'3B 240 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FK001CAN\'29\line 7. Diploma in Business Administration \'28NQF Level 6\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE028CAN\'29\line \line The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the site at 2 Moffet Street\'2C Ballito be approved with conditions to offer the following programmes\'3A \line \line 1. Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE015CAN\'29 \line 2. Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE016CAN\'29 \line 3. Higher Certificate in Office Administration \'28NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE018CAN\'29 \line 4. Diploma in Information Technology \'28NQF Level 6\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE024CAN\'29 \line 5. Diploma in Business Administration \'28NQF Level 6\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE028CAN\'29 \line 6. Bachelor of Commerce \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 7\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE022CAN\'29 \line 7. Bachelor of Business Administration \'28NQF Level 7\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE027CAN\'29 \line 8. Bachelor of Science in Information Technology \'28NQF Level 6\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE005CAN\'29 \line \line The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the site at 106 Steve Biko Road\'2C Durban be required to submit an improvement plan within 6 months from the date of receipt of the recommendation. The improvement plan should address the following concerns\'3A\line \line f\'29 The site does not meet the requirements of a Higher Education Institution. The limited space is over-subscribed and does not create an environment conducive to teaching and learning for the anticipated 108 students and staff.\line g\'29 Facilities are inadequate. One of the two lecture rooms is the library. Office space for staff is limited\'2C and consequently staff share office space with the campus manager. There are limited working computers for student access.\line h\'29 The Institution has not linked its anticipated student number \'28including success and attrition rates\'29\'2C to the required staffing and physical infrastructure.\line i\'29 The campus at 106 Steve Biko Road\'2C Durban does not compare favourably to other Richfield sites of delivery and consequently there is not parity of provision and facilities across sites as required.\line j\'29 The Institution did not provide proof that it has an Occupational Health and Safety Certificate.\line \line The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the site at 9 Palm Boulevard\'2C Gateway\'2C Umhlanga Ridge\'2C Durban be approved with conditions to offer the following programmes\'3A \line 1. Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits H\'2FPR037\'2FE016AN\'29 \line 2. Diploma in Information Technology \'28NQF Level 6\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE024CAN\'29 \line \line H\'2FPR037\'2FFrom Joe Slovo to Umhlanga \'28Relocated to 9 Palm Boulevard\'29 \line The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the relocation to 9 Palm Boulevard\'2C Gateway\'2C Umhlanga Ridge\'2C Durban be approved with conditions to offer the following programmes\'3A \line 1. Higher Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE015CAN\'29 \line 2. Advanced Certificate in Business Administration \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 6\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE012CAN\'29 \line 3. Diploma in Business Administration \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 6\'3B 240 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FK001CAN\'29 \line 4. Diploma in Business Administration \'28NQF Level 6\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE028CAN\'29 \line 5. Higher Certificate in Office Administration \'28NQF Level 5\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE018CAN\'29 \line 6. Advanced Certificate in Commerce \'28NQF Level 6\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE029CAN\'29 \line 7. Advanced Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 6\'3B 120 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE011CAN\'29. \line 8. Bachelor of Commerce \'28HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF Level 7\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE022CAN\'29 \line 9. Bachelor of Science in Information Technology \'28NQF Level 7\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE032CAN\'29 \line 10. Bachelor of Business Administration \'28NQF Level 7\'3B 360 credits\'3B H\'2FPR037\'2FE027CAN\'29 \line \line Previous Relocation and extensions\line The Institution previously applied for following relocation and extension of programmes\'3A\line 1. Relocation of the Higher Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28NQF Level 5 \'E2\'80\'93 120 Credits\'3B Contact Mode\'3B HEQSF Aligned\'29 to 100 Landross Mare Street\'2C Polokwane\'2C approved with no conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 29 November 2016\'29.\line 2. Extension of the Diploma in Business Administration \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 370 Credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR037\'2FE028CAN\'29 to 90 Elston Drive\'2C Benoni\'2C Gauteng be approved with conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 23 June 2017\'29.\line 3. Extension of programmes to 52 Joe Slovo Street\'2C Durban approved with conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 23 June 2017\'29.\line 4. Relocation to the new site of delivery at 33 Crompton Street\'2C Pine Town be approved with conditions for \'28CHE letter\'2C 18 November 2021\'29.\line 5. Relocation of programmes form the site at 44 Anton Lembede Street\'2C Durban site to their existing site in 292 Anton Lembede Street\'2C Durban \'28CHE letter\'2C 04 December 2018\'29.\line \line The Institution also applied for the following relocation and extension of programmes which are still in process\'3A\line iv. Relocation and extension of programmes to 7 Wolf Street\'2C Kempton Park\line v. Relocation and extension of programmes to 49 St Georges Mall to 112 Long Street\'2C Cape Town\line vi. Relocation and extension of programmes to Siyakha House\'2C The Braes Office Park\'2C Eaton Road\'2C Bryanston\line \line Conclusion\line The Institution has submitted documents in support of its application. The documentation was submitted for peer review. \line \line An evaluation of the application and the decision follows.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology \'28RGIT\'29 applied for permission to move the six programmes from 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria\'2C as listed above\'2C to 13 Church Square\'2C Pretoria\'2C which is more conducive to learning and teaching. Suitable and sufficient venues are available for the above-mentioned programmes\'2C including lecture rooms\'2C computer laboratories and library services. All resources namely human\'2C technical\'2C and library are being relocated from 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria to 13 Church Square\'2C Pretoria for 2022. The new campus is located only 1.8km away from the old campus. Since the Campus is situated at the heart of the city\'2C there is easy access to major banks\'2C take-aways\'2C restaurants and public transport. The major taxi rank\'2C bus and train station are around 120m away. The 13 Church Square\'2C Pretoria Campus offers more advantages in terms of access\'2C accommodation and infrastructure to the learners. It also facilitates the focused provision of quality teaching and learning\'2C in comfortable\'2C safe\'2C and well-appointed premises\'2C for both disciplines\'2C allowing us to create a unique\'2C focused campus that specialises in Academic Programmes in the field of Business Economic \'26 Management Sciences and Information \'26 Communication Technology. The new campus serves the following suburbs in the country\'2C namely\'3A Atteridgeville\'2C Hammanskraal\'2C Onverwacht\'2C Mamelodi\'2C Soshanguve\'2C Marabastad\'2C Laudium\'2C Ga Rankuwa\'2C Eersterust\'2C Refilwe Township\'2C Mabopane\'2C Winterveld and Olievenhoutbosch. The 13 Church Square\'2C Pretoria Campus is within a ten km radius to four townships\'2C namely\'3A Atteridgeville\'2C Laudium\'2C Mamelodi and Eersterust. A significant number of Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology \'28Pty\'29 Ltd students live in rented student accommodation in the suburbs of the city of Pretoria. The 13 Church Square\'2C Pretoria Campus is accessible by public transport as it is in the vicinity of the main bus\'2C taxi ranks and train routes. \line \line Regarding student recruitment\'2C admission and selection \'28Criterion 2\'29\'2C RGIT reported that due to the Covid-19 pandemic in 2020\'2C many students opted for the distance mode resulting in student numbers for contact mode dropping at this campus drastically in 2021. The student registration at 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria dropped from a record high of 493 to 403 in 2021. The total capacity at 13 Church Square\'2C Pretoria is 1718\'2C which means that there is surplus capacity of 1001 for future growth in student\'E2\'80\'99s enrolment. The campus has the necessary infrastructure\'2C systems and processes in place for recruitment\'2C admission and selection. A list providing a breakdown of student numbers per level\'2C per programme and per year\'2C was provided\'2C as well as relocation enrolment plan.\line \line In terms of staffing \'28Criteria 3 and 4\'29\'2C the Institution insists that it ensures appropriately qualified staff with one level higher qualifications\'2C to provide support and tutorials to the students. The Institution submitted a list detailing the academic staff with their qualifications and years of experience. The Institution also claims to maintain a database of prospective lecturers. RGIT has ensured that staff appointed have the relevant qualification to facilitate the relevant modules. The national programme coordinator ensures that academic staff employed to deliver the programme are duly qualified as per the statutory and programme requirements. RGIT ensures that additional academics are resourced to address insufficient staff capacity on a continuous basis at the site of delivery. The number of academic and administrative staff are consonant with student needs at the campus. Their chief responsibilities apart from teaching students are monitoring student progress and tracking at risk students. A copy of the academic division\'E2\'80\'99s departmental structure was provided. A campus organogram was also provided\'2C as well as an administrative and academic staff workload model for the site.\line \line With regard go infrastructure and library resources \'28Criterion 7\'29\'2C the building at the new premises\'2C is leased from Lilane Property Investments \'28Pty\'29 Ltd \'E2\'80\'93 a copy of the lease agreement was provided. Adequate provision for financial\'2C educational resources\'2C information technology\'2C and library resources have been made to deliver the programmes at the site of delivery. Floor plans were provided. The Institution has succeeded in improving the quality of teaching for learning by integrating technology in education. It has revolutionized and enhanced learning experiences for students. All students are given a Proline voyager \'282021 model\'29 laptop as part of their learning material package upon registration. The laptop includes a 1-year warranty and Microsoft Office 365 loaded with course material and relevant applications for academic purposes. The library has been set up to accommodate the programmes\'2C and the digital library is also available and accessible at the campus \'E2\'80\'93 a library resources document was provided with details. The campus provides free Wi-Fi and Laptop charging points. Students can access the campus internet\'2C communicate\'2C and interact via social media platforms and download research content. The Institution submitted an Information\'2C Communication and Technology report with details regarding ICT. They are also able to login to RIGT\'E2\'80\'99 LMS and iEnabler for self-registration and accessing their assessment results. RGIT\'E2\'80\'99s different sites of delivery are connected to the Main Campus by using on-demand router-to-router VPN connection. And OHS certificate was submitted.\line \line As far as programme administrative services \'28Criterion 8\'29 are concerned\'2C the campus manager oversees administrative services at the campus with the assistance of academic and administrative staff \'288 persons\'29. RGIT has ensured that the Dean of Faculty monitors the progress of students\'2C evaluates the programme and makes continuous improvements and enhancements to the programmes across all sites of delivery. The Dean of Faculty is ultimately accountable for the regulatory compliance and academic roll-out of all programmes allocated to the faculty. This includes accreditation\'2C re-accreditation\'2C review\'2C delivery\'2C assessment and audit. The Dean of Faculty ensures that the academic quality of all programmes offered by the Faculty\'2C across all sites of delivery remains up to standard. The Dean is also accountable for ensuring that academic staff who teach in the programmes fulfil their responsibilities that form part of their approved workload. The Deans monitor the policy implementation and impact across all sites of delivery. They report to the Group Chief Academic Officer \'28GCAO\'29. The campus manager implements security measures and mechanisms to protect the integrity of assessment\'2C verification and certification. The campus manager also works closely with the academic team on academic related matters with the support of administrative and support staff. The exam verification process for the programme takes place as per the organisational assessment strategy. The head of academic department ensures and monitors that the assessment instrument for the module follows the programme rollout and SAQA Level descriptors. \line \line As for programme coordination \'28Criterion 10\'29\'2C a programme coordinator is appointed for each qualification. RGIT has ensured that the Dean\'2C Programme Coordinator\'2C Head of Department and Module Custodians undertake responsibilities in the roll-out of the programme\'2C to ensure proper coordination of the programme. The relevant departments work in concert with one another to ensure coherence in programme delivery and execution. Administration of Assessments is undertaken by the Academic Department under the overall leadership of the Dean of Faculty. The Annual Academic Calendar provides the year plan\'2C which outlines the lecture dates\'2C assessment dates\'2C assignment dates\'2C and holidays. A copy of the institutional\'2C organisational chart was provided.\line \line Regarding coordination of work-based learning \'28Criterion 15\'29\'2C RGIT has a policy in place for Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29\'2C and a copy was submitted. The campus has the necessary systems in place for the management of WIL. The WIL Policy outlines the methodology of managing all students through continuous assessments and in-loco inspections by the WIL coordinator and academics. The campus will place the student with industry partners for the minimum notional hours as required by the qualification. Placement will be done through the Campus Manager\'2C the Head of Department\'2C the Academic Lecturers and the Work Integrated Learning Co-Ordinator. \line Since all programmes are at undergraduate level\'2C the delivery of postgraduate programmes \'28Criterion 16\'29 is not applicable.\line \line The Institution also provided the following declarations\'3A\line Declaration that the design and curriculum of the programme offered at the new\'2Fexisting site will be identical to the design and curriculum of the programme offered at existing sites of the Institution\'2C and that the mode\'28s\'29 of delivery will be the same as accredited by the HEQC\'3B\line Declaration that policies and procedures for student recruitment\'2C admission and selection will be identical to those in place at existing sites\'3B\line Declaration that policies\'2C procedures and strategies for teaching\'2C learning and assessment will be the same as those in place at existing sites of delivery\'3B and\'2C\line Declaration that the extension of programme\'28s\'29 to the site of delivery for which this application refers is not currently being advertised or offered on said site of delivery.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Pretoria Campus\'2C 13 Church Square\'2C Cnr. Bank Street \'26 Church Street\'2C Pretoria0001\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Approved\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b \b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 2. A site visit will be conducted to verify the capacity of the site to offer the programmes to be relocated in addition to programmes already approved for offering at the site.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 1-8\'2C 10\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql Immediate\line Immediate\line 1. The following programmes are approved for offering at the site to be relocated but have not been included in the application. The institution must clarify its intent for these programmes at the site\'3A\line i. Higher Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29\line ii. Higher Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29\'2C\line iii. Advanced Certificate in Information Technology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29\'2C and\line iv. Advanced Certificate in Systems Engineering \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 1-19\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql Advanced Certificate in Business Administration\line Bachelor of Commerce\line Advanced Certificate in Commerce\line Diploma in Business Administration\line Bachelor of Business Administration\line Higher Certificate in Business Administration \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}